a little boy named andy loves to be in his room playing with his toys especially his doll named "woody". but what do the toys do when andy is not with them they come to life . woody believes that he has life (as a toy ) good . however he must worry about andy 's family moving and what woody does not know is about andy 's birthday party . woody does not realize that andy 's mother gave him an action figure known as buzz lightyear who does not believe that he is a toy and quickly becomes andy 's new favorite toy . woody who is now consumed with jealousy tries to get rid of buzz . then both woody and buzz are now lost . they must find a way to get back to andy before he moves without them but they will have to pass through a ruthless toy killer sid phillips .
when two kids find and play a magical board game they release a man trapped for decades in it and a host of dangers that can only be stopped by finishing the game .
john and max resolve to save their beloved bait shop from turning into an italian restaurant just as its new female owner catches max 's attention .
based on terry mcmillan 's novel this film follows four very different african -american women and their relationships with the male gender .
in this sequel to "father of the bride " george banks must accept the reality of what his daughter 's ascension from daughter to wife and now to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life . as the comfortable family unit starts to unravel in his mind a rapid progression into mid -life crisis is in his future . his journey to regain his youth acts as a catalyst for a kind of "rebirth" of his attitude on life when he and his wife nina find how their lives are about to change as well .
a group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist .
linus and david larrabee are the two sons of a very wealthy family . linus is all work -- busily running the family corporate empire with no time for a wife and family . david is all play -- technically employed in the family business but never showing up for work spending all his time entertaining and having been married and divorced three times . sabrina fairchild is the young shy and awkward daughter of the household chauffeur who has been infatuated with david all her life but whom david hardly notices till she goes away to paris for two years and returns an elegant sophisticated beautiful woman . suddenly she finds she 's captured david 's attention but just as she does so she finds herself also falling in love with linus and she finds that linus is also falling in love with her .
a mischievous young boy tom sawyer (jonathan taylor thomas witnesses a murder by the deadly injun joe . tom becomes friends with huckleberry finn (brad renfro a boy with no future and no family . tom has to choose between honoring a friendship or honoring an oath because the town alcoholic is accused of the murder . tom and huck go through several adventures trying to retrieve evidence .
some terrorists kidnap the vice president of the united states and threaten to blow up the entire stadium during the final game of the nhl stanley cup . there is only one way and one man to stop them ...
when a deadly satellite weapon system falls into the wrong hands only agent can save the world from certain disaster . armed with his license to kill bond races to russia in search of the stolen access codes for "goldeneye" an awesome space weapon that can fire a devastating electromagnetic pulse toward earth . but is up against an enemy who anticipates his every move : a mastermind motivated by years of simmering hatred . bond also squares off against xenia onatopp an assassin who uses pleasure as her ultimate weapon .
andrew shepherd is approaching the end of his first term as president of the united states . he 's a widower with a young daughter and has proved to be popular with the public . his election seems assured . that is until he meets sydney ellen wade a paid political activist working for an environmental lobby group . he 's immediately smitten with her and after several amusing attempts they finally manage to go on a date (which happens to be a state dinner for the visiting president of france ). his relationship with wade opens the door for his prime political opponent senator bob rumson to launch an attack on the president 's character something he could not do in the previous election as shepherd 's wife had only recently died .
after a harrowing ride through the carpathian mountains in eastern europe renfield enters castle dracula to finalize the transferral of carfax abbey in london to count dracula who is in actuality a vampire . renfield is drugged by the eerily hypnotic count and turned into one of his thralls protecting him during his sea voyage to london . after sucking the blood and turning the young lucy weston into a vampire dracula turns his attention to her friend mina seward daughter of dr . seward who then calls in a specialist dr . van helsing to diagnose the sudden deterioration of mina 's health . van helsing realizing that dracula is indeed a vampire tries to prepare mina 's fiance john harker and dr . seward for what is to come and the measures that will have to be taken to prevent mina from becoming one of the undead .
a half -wolf half -husky named balto gets a chance to become a hero when an outbreak of diphtheria threatens the children of nome alaska in the winter of . he leads a dog team on a -mile trip across the alaskan wilderness to get medical supplies . the film is based on a true story which inspired the iditarod dog sled race .
a biographical story of former u .s. president richard milhous nixon from his days as a young boy to his eventual presidency which ended in shame .
morgan adams and her slave william shaw are on a quest to recover the three portions of a treasure map . unfortunately the final portion is held by her murderous uncle dawg . her crew is skeptical of her leadership abilities so she must complete her quest before they mutiny against her . this is made yet more difficult by the efforts of the british crown to end her piratical raids .
greed deception money power and murder occur between two best friends a mafia underboss and a casino owner for a trophy wife over a gambling empire .
rich mr . dashwood dies leaving his second wife and her three daughters poor by the rules of inheritance . the two eldest daughters are the titular opposites .
four interlocking tales that take place in a fading hotel on new year 's eve .
adventure game based on the animated ace ventura : pet detective tv series . ace is on the trail of a conspiracy involving a rich german countess who loves fur and some missing alaskan huskies .
a vengeful new york transit cop decides to steal a trainload of subway fares ; his foster brother a fellow cop tries to protect him .
some guys get all the luck whether they like it or not . chili palmer happens to be in hollywood collecting a gambling debt when he 's struck by lightning (not literally ). called a natural for the movie business he 's snagged up by a producer . the rest is history .
in san francisco the criminal psychologist helen hudson is specialized in serial -killers. during a trial the accused daryll lee cullum kills a police officer and tries to kill her and she becomes agoraphobic . now helen lives a reclusive life with her gay friend andy that helps her . sometime later there is a wave of crimes and detectives m .j. monahan and reuben goetz are investigating the murder cases . helen identifies that the murderer is copycatting notorious serial -killers and she anonymously contacts the police department . after fourteen phone calls she is identified by the police . detectives m .j. and reuben visit her and helen teams up with them and prepares the profile of the killer that wants to be famous . but soon the copycat killer peter foley contacts and stalks helen and m .j. and reuben give protection to her . will they be capable to stop foley before the next murder ?
professional hit -man robert rath wants to fulfill a few more contracts before retiring but unscrupulous ambitious newcomer hit -man miguel bain keeps killing rath 's targets .
an off the charts genius who is home schooled and shunned after his last relative dies shows the unconscious residents of his town about connection awareness and the generosity of the spirit .
because his wife left him and took his son with her screenwriter ben sanderson has started drinking a lot . he 's getting more and more isolated and he troubles women in bars because he wants to have sex with them . when he gets fired he decides to leave everything behind and move to las vegas and drink himself to death . in las vegas he meets sera a prostitute with some problems as well who he moves in with .
the moorish general othello is manipulated into thinking that his new wife desdemona has been carrying on an affair with his lieutenant michael cassio when in reality it is all part of the scheme of a bitter ensign named iago .
roberta teeny samantha and chrissy have been busy growing up but they always remembered the promise they made to be there for each other . now they 're together again to relive the greatest summer of their lives .
royal navy captain wentworth was haughtily turned down eight years ago as suitor of pompous baronet sir walter elliot 's daughter anne despite true love . now he visits their former seaside country estate rented by his brother -in-law admiral croft so the financially stressed baronet can afford a fashionable cheaper residence in trendy bath . first the former lovers meet again on the estate where they feel vibes again but neither dares admit them until it seems too late . yet the truth becomes clear both have moved but meet again in bath .
in an alternate reality children are being kidnapped by strange cyclopses and taken to the laboratory of an evil scientist named krank who steals their dreams because he has never had any of his own . elsewhere an orphan girl named miette is sent on robbery jobs by her keepers a set of female siamese twins known collectively as octopus . miette meets a man named one who is the strong man at the local funfair . together they embark on a journey to find one 's little brother who has been kidnapped by the cyclopses .
uncle liu brings his cousin to shanghai to work for 'boss' the leader of a powerful drug empire in the 's. shuisheng a simple country boy is awed and overwhelmed by the opulence and immense wealth he is suddenly surrounded by . he is to be the attendant of xiao jingbao the new mistress of 'boss.' while he fumbles with the demands of his new role much intrigue is going on around him well beyond his bewildered perception . xiao jingbao is having a tumultuous affair fat yu is starting a gang war and 'boss' is beginning to suspect that one of his trusted men is not loyal .
louanne johnson is an ex -marine hired as a teacher in a high -school in a poor area of the city . she has recently separated from her husband . her friend also teacher in the school got the temporary job for her . after a terrible reception from the students she tries unconventional methods of teaching (using karate bob dylan lyrics etc ) to gain the trust of the students .
an unknown and lethal virus has wiped out five billion people in . only % of the population has survived by the year and is forced to live underground . a convict (james cole ) reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to to gather information about the origin of the epidemic (who he 's told was spread by a mysterious "army of the twelve monkeys ") and locate the virus before it mutates so that scientists can study it . unfortunately cole is mistakenly sent to six years earlier than expected and is arrested and locked up in a mental institution where he meets dr . kathryn railly a psychiatrist and jeffrey goines the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert .
gentle farmer arthur hoggett wins a piglet named babe at a county fair . narrowly escaping his fate as christmas dinner when farmer hoggett decides to show him at the next fair babe bonds with motherly border collie fly and discovers that he too can herd sheep . but will the other farm animals including fly 's jealous husband rex accept a pig who doesn 't conform to the farm 's social hierarchy ?
the story of the relationship between painter dora carrington and author lytton strachey in a world war one england of cottages and countryside . although platonic due to strachey 's homosexuality the relationship was nevertheless a deep and complicated one . when carrington did develop a more physical relationship with soldier ralph partridge strachey was able to welcome him as a friend although partridge remained somewhat uneasy not so much with strachey 's sexual orientation as with the fact that he was a conscientious objector .
a nun while comforting a convicted killer on death row empathizes with both the killer and his victim 's families .
a young russian boy thomas minton travels to new york as a passenger on a russian freighter . close to ellis island he gets off and thus starts his journey to america the same way as all immigrants in former times . thomas is searching for the family of one of his ancestors who had emigrated decades ago but once sent a letter home together with a sample of his new profession : -photography. the boy follows his relative 's traces by counter -checking the old -photographs of new york (using an antique viewer ) with the same places and how they look today . this way the audience gets to see the big apple in former times as well as today .
alyssa (a rich girl ) and amanda (an orphan ) are two little girls who are identical but complete strangers that accidentally meet one day . in an attempt to stop alyssa 's father from ...
cher a high school student in beverly hills must survive the ups and downs of adolescent life . her external demeanor at first seems superficial but rather it hides her wit charm and intelligence which help her to deal with relationships friends family school and the all -important teenage social life .
based on actual events . brandon teena is the popular new guy in a tiny nebraska town . he hangs out with the guys drinking cussing and bumper surfing and he charms the young women who 've never met a more sensitive and considerate young man . life is good for brandon now that he 's one of the guys and dating hometown beauty lana ; however he 's forgotten to mention one important detail . it 's not that he 's wanted in another town for gta and other assorted crimes but that brandon teena was actually born a woman named teena brandon . when his best friends make this discovery brandon 's life is ripped apart .
william shakespeare 's classic play is brought into the present with the setting as great britian in the . civil war has erupted with the house of lancaster on one side claiming the right to the british throne and hoping to bring freedom to the country . opposing is the house of york commanded by the infamous richard who rules over a fascist government and hopes to install himself as a dictator monarch .
a vietnam vet adjusts to life after the war while trying to support his family but the chance of a better life may involve crime and bloodshed .
an aspiring young physician robert merivel found himself in the service of king charles ii and saves the life of a spaniel dear to the king . merivel joins the king 's court and lives the high life provided to someone of his position . merivel is ordered to marry one of the king 's mistresses in order to divert the suspicions of another one of his mistresses . he is given one order by the king and that is not to fall in love . the situation worsens when merivel finds himself in love with his new wife . eventually the king finds out and relieves merivel of his position and wealth . his fall from grace leaves merivel where he first started . and through his travels and reunions with an old friend he rediscovers his love for true medicine and what it really means to be a physician .
based on the popular video game of the same name "mortal kombat " tells the story of an ancient tournament where the best of the best of different realms fight each other . the goal - ten wins to be able to legally invade the losing realm . outworld has so far collected nine wins against earthrealm so it 's up to lord rayden and his fighters to stop outworld from reaching the final victory ...
suzanne stone is an aspiring tv personality who will do anything to be in the spotlight including enlisting three teenagers to kill her husband .
bride -to-be finn dodd hears tales of romance and sorrow from her elders as they construct a quilt .
haunted by a secret ben thomas looks for redemption by radically transforming the lives of seven people he doesn 't know . once his plan is set nothing will be able to stop him . at least that 's what he thinks . but ben hadn 't planned on falling in love with one of these people and she 's the one who will end up transforming him .
an english soldier and the daughter of an algonquin chief share a romance when english colonists invade seventeenth -century virginia .
camille and martin are in love and teachers at a christian college ; they get the opportunity to get a better job but they would have to marry for that . but when camille 's dog dies she recognizes that her love for martin is not even as big as the love for her dog . after that camille gets to know petra and petra falls in love with camille . they meet again but camille is very unsure about her feelings . when martin is away for a weekend camille and petra meet in the circus where petra is working as an acrobat . they spend the night together but martin finds out about it and is shocked . he has an argument with camille and she goes burying her dog in the snow and falls asleep ...
following a truck hijack in new york five conmen are arrested and brought together for questioning . as none of them are guilty they plan a revenge operation against the police . the operation goes well but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called keyser sze is felt . it becomes clear that each one of them has wronged sze at some point and must pay back now . the payback job leaves men dead in a boat explosion but the real question arises now : who actually is keyser sze ?
lenny and amanda have an adopted son max who turns out to be brilliant . lenny becomes obsessed with finding max 's real parents because he believes that they too must be brilliant . when he finds that linda ash is max ' real mother lenny is disappointed . linda is a prostitute and porn star . on top of that she is quite possibly the dumbest person lenny has ever met . interwoven is a greek chorus linking the story with the story of oedipus .
two italian racketeers come to albania just after the fall of the communists to set up a fictive firm and pocket the grants . they need a stooge . they choose an old one in a jail : spiro . ...
another disney underdog sports team of misfit kids (soccer this time ) learns to play a new sport and become champions while building self -esteem making friends and solving a variety of dramatic family crises through the able assistance of a foreign exchange teacher and a former local sports hero as coaches .
sadie is desperately looking up to her older sister georgia who is a famous c &w artist . sadie wants to be a famous artist like her sister but is always doing everything wrong . her ...
after losing her job making out with her soon to be ex -boss and finding out that her daughter plans to spend thanksgiving with her boyfriend claudia larson has to face spending the holiday with her family . she wonders if she can survive their crazy antics .
a secretive terrorist commits crimes to disrupt the peace process between the irish and the brits . both sides want him dead . when he decides to assassinate the pope and blame it on the uk only a musician with a secret past can stop him .
on his ninth birthday a boy receives many presents . two of them first seem to be less important : an old cupboard from his brother and a little indian figure made of plastic from his best friend . but these two presents turn out to be much more magic than the rest ...
karen mccann 's eldest daughter is raped and murdered whilst on the phone with her . when the case against robert doob the perpetrator is dismissed because of a technicality she starts following him and sees how he checks out his next victim a woman he delivers groceries to . she tells the police but is only warned she must stop following doob . when she tries to warn the woman she is shooed out of the house . doob having found out that karen is following him threatens to do something to her youngest daughter . she then seeks help from a group of vigilantes connected to a support group in order to shoot doob . however a friend from the support group turns out to be an fbi agent investigating the very vigilante activity karen is involved in and warns her that she will go to jail for the rest of her life unless it is self -defense. in the meantime tension grows between karen and her husband mack because he finds out she has secretly been taking self -defense classes and has been learning how to use a gun . when doob makes another victim and is again released for lack of evidence she finds a way to lure him into her house and kill him in self -defense.
a frustrated composer finds fulfillment as a high school music teacher .
don 't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood is a parody of several u .s. films about being in the 'hood' for instance "boyz n the hood " "south central " "...
frank o 'brien a petty thief and his -year-long girlfriend roz want to put an end to their unsteady lifestyle and just do that _last_ job which involves stealing a valuable painting . ...
moronic best friends get themselves locked inside the bio -dome a science experiment along with a group of environmental scientists for one year .
jobe is resuscitated by jonathan walker . he wants jobe to create a special computer chip that would connect all the computers in the world into one network which walker would control and use . but what walker doesn 't realize is a group of teenage hackers are on to him and out to stop his plan .
laurent is the local estate agent a job that offers easy opportunties for his womanising . his wife beautiful wife loli looks after his home and two children unaware of his many affairs . however their world is turned upside down by the arrival of marijo an itinerant lesbian whose minivan breaks down nearby . the neglected loli is drawn to the sensitive marijo and when she learns of laurent 's infidelities invites marijo to move in with them . the arrangement takes an emotional toll on each of them exacerbated by the arrival of a figure from marijo 's past . as they struggle with the situation and each other all of their lives are changed forever .
two homies smokey and craig smoke a dope dealer 's weed and try to figure a way to get the they owe to the dealer by p .m. that same night . in that time they smoke more weed and get jacked and shot at in a drive -by.
two criminals and their hostages unknowingly seek temporary refuge in an establishment populated by vampires with chaotic results .
cia operative valerie plame discovers her identity is allegedly leaked by the government as payback for an op -ed article her husband wrote criticizing the bush administration .
after college graduation grover 's girlfriend jane tells him she 's moving to prague to study writing . grover declines to accompany her deciding instead to move in with several friends all of whom can 't quite work up the inertia to escape their university 's pull . nobody wants to make any big decisions that would radically alter his life yet none of them wants to end up like chet the professional student who tends bar and is in his tenth year of university studies .
jean valjean known as prisoner is released from prison and breaks parole to create a new life for himself while evading the grip of the persistent inspector javert . set in post -revolutionary france the story reaches resolution against the background of the june rebellion .
(sirius year ) on a distant mining planet ravaged by a decade of war scientists have created the perfect weapon : a blade -wielding self -replicating race of killing devices known as ...
a look into the many lives of christa pffgen otherwise known as nico ; from cutie german mdchen to the first of the supermodels to glamorous diva of the velvet underground to cult item junkie and hag . many faces for the same woman whom you realize just couldn 't bring herself to care enough to live .
freddie gale is a seedy jeweler who has sworn to kill the drunk driver who killed his little girl .
when annie laird is selected as a juror in a big mafia trial she is forced by someone known as "the teacher " to persuade the other jurors to vote "not guilty ". he threatens to kill her son if she doesn 't commit . when the trial is over he can 't let her go ...
razieh wants a fat goldfish for the iranian new years celebration instead of the skinny ones in her family 's pond at home because the fat fish looks like it 's dancing when it swims . after many attempts she and her brother convince their mother to give them her last bit of money . between their home and the fish store razieh loses the money .. she finds it but it is temptingly just out of her reach .
jimmy the saint 's business is videotaping the terminally -ill so that they will be around to give 'afterlife advice ' to their survivors . he hasn 't been doing too well lately and has had to turn to loan -sharks to accomodate his failing business as well as his expensive personal tastes . when an evil gangster -overlord buys up his note and demands a favor of jimmy in exchange for the interest that he can 't afford jimmy capitulates . jimmy is to scare someone for the gangster -overlord--really rough them up . without giving too much away (spoiler) the scene goes down badly and jimmy and his crew all end up with contracts on their heads for their trouble .
a dutch matron establishes and for several generations oversees a close -knit matriarchal community where feminism and liberalism thrive .
a narrator tells the story of his childhood years in a tightly knit afro -american community in the deep south under racial segregation .
filmed entirely on location in east hampton long island "last summer in the hamptons " concerns a large theatrical family spending the last weekend of their summer together at the decades -old family retreat which economic circumstances have forced them to put on the market . victoria foyt plays a young hollywood actress whose visit wreaks havoc on the stellar group of family and friends - led by matriarch viveca lindfors and made up of an extraordinary mix of prominent new york actors directors and playwrights . in the course of a very unusual weekend comic as well as serious situations arise and the family 's secrets - of which there are many - begin to unravel .
the movie is a study of a family of country gentry in victorian england . william adamson a young scientist is introduced into the alabaster family by reverend mr alabaster who is also fascinated by insects . william marries the older daughter of the family and studies the amounts of insects in the garden of the villa . his - for the gentry - strange behaviors reveal at the same time their own failures and passions .
a true story about a group of american teenage boys who crew a school sailing ship to gain experience discipline or whatever their parents feel they lack . the voyage is a true adventure for them all but it has its downs as well as ups .
robert 's a beleaguered concierge of the luxury hotel owned by mrs . dubrow . she tells robert an undercover reviewer is coming and to look sharp . if he does well he might get a promotion and some time off to take his sons brian and kyle on vacation . but then the villainous jewel -thief rutledge checks in with his specially trained orangutan dunston . and when dunston gets loose and tries to escape a life of crime with the help of brian and kyle things go just a little lunatic .
growing up on the family sheep farm was idyllic for smart sensitive harry olfield except for some knavish mischief from cocky brother angus until their dad has a fatal accident . fifteen years later harry has finished sheep -phobia therapy and his ict schooling and returns . angus buys him out all ready to present the genetically engineered oldfield sheep he bred with a ruthless team . when environmentalist grant steals a discarded embryo which has sharp teeth he gets bitten by it and thus the first to be infected with predatory hunger and a mechanism that turns any mammal into a werewolf version . running for the farm men grant 's mate student experience gets teamed up with harry and his boorish but gentle pastoral youth friend tucker . they must survive both the bloodthirsty sheep and their creators who didn 't realize this yet but dispose of an antidote .
gene watson is a public accountant who arrives on a train at union station in los angeles accompanied by his -year-old daughter lynn . because of his ordinary looks he is approached by a pair of sinister people named smith and jones . pretending to be cops smith and jones kidnap lynn and confront gene with a simple choice -- kill california governor eleanor grant in minutes or less or lynn will die . watson is given a gun six bullets and a name tag and he is told to go to the westin bonaventure hotel and kill eleanor who is giving an afternoon speech . while jones is watching lynn in a van smith watches watson in order to prevent watson from alerting the authorities . watson must quickly find some way to get himself and lynn out of this seemingly impossible situation .
a housemaid falls in love with dr . jekyll and his darkly mysterious counterpart mr . hyde .
maximillian is the only survivor from a race of vampires on a caribbean island and as a vampire he must find a mate to keep the line from ending . he knows that a child had been born to a woman who had a vampire father and he searches for her in brooklyn . rita 's mother who has died in an asylum was that woman and rita has nightmares that she does not understand . not knowing that she is part vampire max woos her and attempts to bring her to her blood sucking destiny . even though rita has strange dreams and actions justice her partner has feelings for her and does not want her involved with this stranger max . but it is rita who must decide her destiny .
a piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love .
terrorists steal nuclear warheads from the u .s. military but don 't count on a pilot and park ranger spoiling their plans .
a minutes minimalist summa of theatre art : threshold space voice body craziness and crisis . in the bleak midwinter a young group of non -professional actors explores the component elements of theatre and life .
a pretty popular teenager can 't go out on a date until her ill -tempered older sister does .
you 've run out of options no school no job . steal a car smash a shop with a heavy car and reap the proceeds !. this movie is about underground england . the causes the benefits and the result of a life of 'crash and carry '.
the story of heidi fleiss known as "the hollywood madam " who was the daughter of a prominent los angeles doctor and eventually became a prostitute for a well -known los angeles madam . she ...
a young boy dies from a stray bullet during a shootout between a cop and mob family member who had previously been supiciously given probabtion only to break its terms . new york 's deputy mayor kevin calhoun starts digging for information .
upon his release from a mental hospital following a nervous breakdown the directionless anthony joins his friend dignan who seems far less sane than the former . dignan has hatched a hare -brained scheme for an as -yet-unspecified crime spree that somehow involves his former boss the (supposedly) legendary mr . henry . with the help of their pathetic neighbor and pal bob anthony and dignan pull a job and hit the road where anthony finds love with motel maid inez . when our boys finally hook up with mr . henry the ensuing escapade turns out to be far from what anyone expected .
a single and lonely woman finds the seemingly perfect man to date but soon regrets it when his deranged and possessive other personality emerges and worst still she cannot convince anyone else of his jekyll /hyde true nature .
carrie wells a former police detective has a rare ability to remember virtually everything she experiences including detailed visual recall . she returns to police work and uses her ability to solve crimes .
a rejected hockey player puts his skills to the golf course to save his grandmother 's house .
photographer robert kincaid wanders into the life of housewife francesca johnson for four days in the .
the muppets are back into action in another movie based on a novel written by robert louis stevenson . kermit the frog and his colleagues go on a warfare against ruthless pirates . they also share their problem -solving journey on sea to rescue a treasure .
a camera follows model christy turlington through the spring fashion shows in milan paris and new york one year in the early probably . she and others dash from one designer 's unveilings to another . extended footage looks at versace and armani in milan galliano gaultier and langerfeld in paris and isaac mizrahi in new york . with kate moss naomi campbell and turlington we see the nature of friendships among models . with the engaging mizrahi in particular there 's some exploration of the relationship between designer and models .
when his secret bride is executed for assaulting an english soldier who tried to rape her william wallace begins a revolt against king edward i of england .
travis bickle is an ex -marine and vietnam war veteran living in new york city . as he suffers from insomnia he spends his time working as a taxi driver at night watching porn movies at seedy cinemas during the day or thinking about how the world new york in particular has deteriorated into a cesspool . he 's a loner who has strong opinions about what is right and wrong with mankind . for him the one bright spot in new york humanity is betsy a worker on the presidential nomination campaign of senator charles palantine . he becomes obsessed with her . after an incident with her he believes he has to do whatever he needs to make the world a better place in his opinion . one of his priorities is to be the savior for iris a twelve -year-old runaway and prostitute who he believes wants out of the profession and under the thumb of her pimp and lover matthew .
a young man visiting and helping his uncle in new york city finds himself forced to fight a street gang and the mob with his martial art skills .
two parents deal with the effects when their son is accused of murdering his girlfriend .
in a town where half the men die down the coalpit margaret macneil is quite happy being single . until she meets neil currie a charming and sincere bagpipe -playing gaelic -speaking dishwasher . but no matter what you do you can 't avoid the spectre of the pit forever .
using previously unreleased archival material in addition to contemporary interviews this academy award -winning documentary tells the story of the frank family and presents the first fully -rounded portrait of their brash and free -spirited daughter anne perhaps the world 's most famous victim of the holocaust .
this film is based on a true story about a british teenager who allegedly poisoned family friends and co -workers. graham is highly intelligent but completely amoral . he becomes interested in science especially chemistry and begins to read avidly . something of a social misfit he is fascinated by morbid subjects such as poisons and murder . his family environment is intolerable to him and in particular his stepmother torments him . he decides to poison those who annoy him first with antimony and later with thallium . he smugly thinks himself cleverer than all those around him but nevertheless he is caught and sentenced to 'rehabilitation' at a psychiatric institution . once there he undertakes to deceive the new eminent psychiatrist sent there to 'cure' him thereby securing his release .
joe and lucy are roommates and best friends . lucy whose love life is embarrassingly dull convinces joe who is infatuated with a neighbor he 's never met that if they don 't have stable romances within a month they must jump off the brooklyn bridge .
ruben and robby are twin brothers adopted by mona one of the wealthiest - and most eccentric - women in santa barbara . ruben is devoted to mona but robby is more devoted to her money . so ...
this movie is based on actual events but it says it is not all about one specific incident . it documents st . vincent 's orphanage in canada where many of the boys suffer physical emotional and sexual abuse at the hands of the brothers who run the facility . when the stories are surfaced and a police investigation is begun religious and political groups work to silence the story to keep it from reaching the public .
marcus is a successful advertising executive who woos and beds women almost at will . after a company merger he finds that his new boss the ravishing jacqueline is treating him in exactly the same way . completely traumatized by this his work goes badly downhill . but then jacqueline 's more quietly attractive assistant angela who has been dating marcus ' best friend shows herself more than a little concerned by his parlous state .
two melancholy hong kong policemen fall in love : one with a mysterious female underworld figure the other with a beautiful and ethereal server at a late -night restaurant he frequents .
dottore joe moretti travels round sicily doing screen tests for the big roman studios . he 's a conman and takes money or favours for his efforts . beata a young illiterate convent girl desperately wants to change her life and falls for him belatedly he realises his feelings for her . their love affair is doomed when he 's arrested .
mel coplin departs on a mission of discovery dragging his wife and month old son behind . he and wife nancy won 't agree on a name for their son until adopted mel gets in touch with his roots . he assures her that once he knows who he really is the right name for their boy will be a snap . enlisting the aid of student -psychologist and part -time adoption agent tina kalb they embark on a journey across the united states to find mel 's "birth" mother . "the best part " mel tells nancy "is it 's all free ." tina is finishing her dissertation and will film the happy reunion of mother and child as part of her research . for this privilege she 's footing the bill . his adoptive parents are left behind feeling abandoned by an ungrateful son . clerical errors mistaken identities nancy 's misplaced high school friend and his gay lover and a super -charged libido here and there are thrown into the mix along the way until -- at last -- mel 's real parents the schlictings (mispronounced as "shit-kings" by mrs . coplin ) are discovered in remote new mexico . there mel begins to wonder if he would have been better off not knowing these people after all .
bastian 's dream to get a sibling becomes true when his father re -marries but soon he has trouble with his new stepsister nicole and with a gang of school bullies the nasties . hiding in the school library bastian finds his favorite book of the neverending story where it is later found by slip the gang leader . the latter recognizes the power of the book and begins to form fantasia after his bad intentions . when the chaos becomes worse the child -like empress requests bastian to move back to the real world get the book back and save fantasia . accidentally some fantasia characters travel with him to reality but get lost in different places . meanwhile slip and the other nasties spread anarchy . finally bastian gets support from nicole who begins to believe in the power of fantasia .
a whimsical saga of a young man whose two life -consuming passions are unraveling traffic gridlock and an avant -garde dancer . a romantic comedy .
a ten year old girl named angela leads her six year old sister ellie through various regimens of 'purification' in an attempt to rid themselves of their evil which she believes to be the cause of their mother 's mental illness . precocious to say the least angela has visions of lucifer coming to take her and her sister away and one of her remedies for this is for them to remain within a circle of their dolls and toys until they see a vision of the virgin mary come to them . but such thinking can only lead to an ending befitting of her own mental state .
this is a story of a man (walker) suffering from dwarfism who writes an autobiographical account of his life . in flashbacks we see how he was conceived to a woman (parillaud) at the end ...
someone does a nasty hatchet job on a san fransisco big noise and the assistant d .a. takes charge of the investigation . through a web of blackmail and prostitution involving the governor an old lover of the lawman emerges as a prime suspect and he has to deal with his personal feelings as well as the case .
lt . cmdr . tom dodge is assigned as captain to the uss stingray an old diesel driven submarine that has seen better days . with a crew that consists only of weird guys (and a gal ) he 's headed against the atomic powered uss orlando with the mission to destroy a dummy battleship .
tom dobbs comedic host of a political talk show - a la bill maher and jon stewart - runs for president of the us as an independent candidate who after an issues -oriented campaign and an explosive performance in the final debate gets just enough votes to win . trouble is he owes his victory to a computer glitch in the national touch -screen voting system marketed by delacroy a private company with a rising stock price . to protect their fortune delacroy executives want to keep the glitch a secret but one programmer eleanor green wants dobbs to know the truth . can she get to him ?
showcases songs from ms . merchant 's new elektra cd "motherland" as well as a range of her previous hit songs .
marcus burnett is a hen -pecked family man . mike lowry is a foot -loose and fancy free ladies ' man . both are miami policemen and both have hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station 's nose . to complicate matters in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder they have to pretend to be each other .
young american ryan tyler visits his zoologist father on a panda preserve in china while on summer vacation and gets involved in the rescue of a baby panda from unscrupulous poachers who want to murder the cub 's mother and sell the baby to a zoo . ling a young chinese girl and her grandfather help in the rescue which if successful will ultimately result in saving the reserve from being shut down by officious bureaucrats .
film adaptation of street tough jim carroll 's epistle about his kaleidoscopic free fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction . as a member of a seemingly unbeatable high school basketball squad jim 's life centers around the basketball court and the court becomes a metaphor for the world in his mind . a best friend who is dying of leukemia a coach ("swifty") who takes unacceptable liberties with the boys on his team teenage sexual angst and an unhealthy appetite for heroin -- all of these begin to encroach on young jim 's dream of becoming a basketball star . soon the dark streets of new york become a refuge from his mother 's mounting concern for her son . he can 't go home and his only escape from the reality of the streets is heroin for which he steals robs and prostitutes himself . only with the help of reggie an older neighborhood friend with whom jim "picked up a game " now and then is he able to begin the long journey back to sanity .
set right after world war ii a naive teenage girl joins a shabby theatre troupe in liverpool . during a winter production of peter pan the play quickly turns into a dark metaphor for youth ...
isabelle is an ex -nun waiting for her special mission from god . in the meantime she is making a living writing pornography . she meets thomas a sweet confused amnesiac who cannot remember ...
based on the true story of the ill -fated apollo mission bound for the moon . astronauts lovell haise and swigert were scheduled to fly apollo but are moved up to . it 's and america have already achieved their lunar landing goal so there 's little interest in this "routine" flight .. until that is things go very wrong and prospects of a safe return fade .
in the highlands of scotland in the rob roy tries to lead his small town to a better future by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market . when the money is stolen rob is forced into a robin hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour .
a brutal act of self -defense unleashes a quiet man 's inner demons .
batman must battle two -face and the riddler with help from an amorous psychologist and a young circus acrobat who becomes his sidekick robin .
laura is trying to pick up the pieces of her life after the murder of her husband and son and goes on vacation with her sister to burma . after losing her passport at a political rally she ...
wayne wang 's follow -up movie to smoke presents a series of improvisational situations strung together to form a pastiche of brooklyn 's diverse ethnicity offbeat humor and essential humanity . many of the same characters inhabiting auggie wren 's brooklyn cigar store in smoke return here to expound on their philosophy of smoking relationships baseball new york and belgian waffles . most of all this is a movie about living life off -the-cuff.
the u .s. president low in the opinion polls gets talked into raising his popularity by trying to start a cold war against canada .
furious that her late father only willed her his gloomy -looking mansion rather than his millions carrigan crittenden is ready to burn the place to the ground when she discovers a map to a treasure hidden in the house . but when she enters the rickety mansion to seek her claim she is frightened away by a wicked wave of ghosts . determined to get her hands on this hidden fortune she hires afterlife therapist dr . james harvey to exorcise the ghosts from the mansion . harvey and his daughter kat move in and soon kat meets casper the ghost of a young boy who 's "the friendliest ghost you know ." but not so friendly are casper 's uncles --stretch fatso and stinkie --who are determined to drive all "fleshies" away . ultimately it is up to harvey and kat to help the ghosts cross over to the other side .
young drug pushers in the projects of brooklyn live hard dangerous lives trapped between their drug bosses and the detectives out to stop them .
when an expedition to the african congo ends in disaster a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong .
on a us nuclear missile sub a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so .
this movie chronicles the life and times of r . crumb . robert crumb is the cartoonist /artist who drew keep on truckin ' fritz the cat and played a major pioneering role in the genesis of underground comix . through interviews with his mother two brothers wife and ex -girlfriends as well as selections from his vast quantity of graphic art we are treated to a darkly comic ride through one man 's subconscious mind . as stream -of-consciousness images incessantly flow forth from the tip of his pen biting social satire is revealed often along with a disturbing and haunting vision of crumb 's own betes noires and inadequacies . as his acid -trip induced images flicker across our own retinas we gain a little insight into this complex and highly creative individual .
with this sequel to his prize -winning independent previous film "el mariachi " director robert rodriquez joins the ranks of sam peckinpah and john woo as a master of slick glamorized ultra -violence. we pick up the story as a continuation of "el mariachi " where an itinerant musician looking for work gets mistaken for a hitman and thereby entangled in a web of love corruption and death . this time he is out to avenge the murder of his lover and the maiming of his fretting hand which occurred at the end of the earlier movie . however the plot is recapitulated and again a case of mistaken identity leads to a very high body count involvement with a beautiful woman who works for the local drug lord and finally the inevitable face -to-face confrontation and bloody showdown .
it is in la and ezikeal "easy" rawlins an african -american world war ii veteran is looking for work . at his friend 's bar he is introduced to a white man dewitt albright who is looking for someone to help him find a missing white woman assumed to be hiding somewhere in la 's black community . this woman daphane monet happens to be the fiance of a wealthy "blue blood " todd carter who is currently the favorite in the city 's mayoralty race . daphane monet is known to frequent the black jazz clubs in la . easy innocently accepts albright 's offer ; however he quickly finds himself amidst murder crooked cops ruthless politicians and brutalizing hoodlums . this is a chandler -esque "who-done-it" with an african -american theme .
nypd cop john mcclane goes on a christmas vacation to visit his wife holly in los angeles where she works for the nakatomi corporation . while they are at the nakatomi headquarters for a christmas party a group of bank robbers led by hans gruber take control of the building and hold everyone hostage with the exception of john while they plan to perform a lucrative heist . unable to escape and with no immediate police response john is forced to take matters into his own hands .
jordan white and amy blue two troubled teens pick up an adolescent drifter xavier red . together the threesome embark on a sex and violence -filled journey through an america of psychos and quickiemarts .
after an abandoned young woman in late century england is taken in by a rural couple with three handsome sons tragic consequences result .
lancelot lives by the sword . in fact they 're next door neighbours so teaming up to fight for money comes pretty naturally . lady guinevere on her way to marry king arthur is ambushed by the evil sir malagant . fortunately lancelot is lurking nearby and he rescues his future queen . they fall in love but guinevere still fancies the idea of wearing a crown so she honours her promise to arthur . can lady guinevere remain faithful or will this pretty woman become a lady of the knight ?
jesse becomes reunited with willy three years after the whale 's jump to freedom as the teenager tries to rescue the killer whale and other orcas from an oil spill .
a young boy is arrested by the u .s. secret service for writing a computer virus and is banned from using a computer until his birthday . years later he and his new -found friends ...
in the whole world is connected by the gigantic internet and almost a half of the population is suffering from the nerve attenuation syndrome (nas).johnny with an inplanted memory chip in his brain was ordered to transport the over loaded information from beijing to newark . while pharmakom industries supported by yakuza tries to capture him to get the informaiton back the low -tech group led by j -bone tries to break the missing code to download the cure of nas which johnny carries .
in the year the earth has changed into a virtually uninhabitable place called the cursed earth . all of the earth 's population have crowded into the cities across the planet now known as mega -cities. the crimes in these mega -cities became so violent and so powerful that the regular justice system was powerless to contain then it collapsed completely . however a new justice system came from the ashes there were three justice systems in one (police jury and executioner ) they were called judges . in mega -city one (formerly new york city ) there was a judge named joseph dredd who was the toughest and most stringent judge in history . one day he was charged with murder and was tried and sentenced to life in prison because of it .
when jobless tommy collins discovers that sequestered jurors earn free room and board as well as -a-day he gets himself assigned to a jury in a murder trial . once there he does ...
disturbing dark low -budget independent film about teen -agers in new york city . the story focuses on telly (leo fitzpatrick ) a teen who has a goal to de -flower as many virgins as he can . when one of his old encounters discovers that she is h .i.v.-positive after only one encounter with a guy telly remains undaunted .
film about filmmaking . it takes place during one day on set of non -budget movie . ultimate tribute to all independent filmmakers .
during a routine case in l .a. ny private investigator harry d 'amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader nix . years ago nix was ...
set in a dreary urban landscape of edmonton love and human remains is a dark comedy about a group of twentysomethings looking for love and meaning in the the film focuses on roommates david a gay waiter who has has given up on his acting career and candy a book reviewer who is also david 's ex -lover. david and candy 's lives are entangled with those of david 's friends (a busboy a psychic dominatrix and a misogynistic civil -servant) and candy 's dates (a male bartender and a lesbian schoolteacher ). meanwhile a serial killer menaces the concrete and asphalt neighbourhood in which david and candy live .
the high -school student matt leland lives with his twin brother and sister and his father in a house by the lake . when the teenager casey roberts moves to the house on the other side of the lake matt snoops into her room with his telescope . they meet each other and soon they fall in love with each other . one day matt is taking a test at school and casey activates the fire alarm to stop the test . she is suspended and her father decides to check her into a psychiatric institution . however matt breaks her out of the hospital . they travel in matt 's car and have lots of fun until the day matt discovers that casey has bipolar disorder with periods of depression and periods of elevated mood . when she tries to commit suicide matt realizes that she needs specialized help .
both dumped by their girlfriends two best friends seek refuge in the local mall .
four athletically able teenagers along with their brainy friend billy are selected by zordon to fight the evil of rita repulsa her monsters and her minions after the witch is accidentally released from imprisonment in an intergalactic dumpster on the moon . later in the series the rangers are joined by tommy the once evil green ranger designed for rita 's evil but later was deprogrammed and spent two portions of the series briefly as the green ranger . over time some rangers had to pass their powers to others as well . action scenes and scenes with rita were edited from footage based on japanese action sagas . replacement villain lord zedd was designed in the u .s.
billy hughes a mute makeup artist working on a slasher film being shot in moscow is locked in the studio after hours . while there she witnesses a brutal murder and must first escape capture at that time then keep from being killed before convincing authorities of what she 's seen . plot twists galore follow as billy tries to stay alive .
this ultra -hip post -modern vampire tale is set in contemporary new york city . members of a dysfunctional family of vampires are trying to come to terms with each other in the wake of their father 's death . meanwhile they are being hunted by dr . van helsing and his hapless nephew . as in all good vampire movies forces of love are pitted against forces of destruction .
angela bennett 's a software engineer type who works from home and has few friends outside of cyberspace . taking her first vacation in years she becomes embroiled in a web of computer espionage .
when he finds out his longtime girlfriend is pregnant a commitment -phobe realizes he might have to change his lifestyle for better or much much worse .
mary is a free -spirited young woman with a run -down new york apartment and a high fashion wardrobe . she calls her godmother a librarian for bail money after being arrested for throwing an ...
a log company 's waste mutates the environment creating a giant killer bear -monster.
in sultry charleston where summer is long and secrets simmer behind every door sex and crime walk hand in hand as two adversaries a gorgeous yankee litigator and a southern city attorney struggle to hide their intense attraction while clashing over a police sex scandal that threatens to implode the city .
in china the girl mei is a genius that looks like a computer in numbers . she is abducted by the chinese triads and the boss han jiao ends mei to chinatown in new york to help him in the control of his activities . meanwhile the fighter luke wright has his life destroyed when he wins a fight against the will of the russian mafia and accidentally kills his opponent . the russian mobsters kill his wife and the alcoholic luke wanders on the streets and hostels with no objective in life . one day han jiao asks mei to memorize a long number and soon the russian mafia abducts the girl from the chinese mobs . she escapes from the mobsters and is chased by the russians ; by the corrupt detectives from the nypd ; and by the triads . when luke sees the girl fleeing from the russian mobs in the subway he protects the girl and discovers that the number she had memorized is the combination of a safe where the triads keep million dollars . luke is an elite agent and uses his skills to protect the girl .
in in the massachusetts bay colony puritans and algonquian have an uneasy truce . hester arrives from england seeking independence . awaiting her husband she establishes independence fixing up a house befriending quakers and other outsiders . passion draws her to a young pastor . he feels the same ; when they learn her husband has probably died at the hands of indians they consummate their love . a child is born and on the day hester is publicly humiliated and made to wear a scarlet letter her husband appears after a year with indians . calling himself chillingworth he seeks revenge searching out hester 's lover and stirring fears of witchcraft . will his murderous plot succeed ?
nomi malone a mysterious young girl with the ambition to dance embarks on a journey to las vegas to become a showgirl in a high -class hotel show . there she meets molly a seamstress at the stardust hotel and the two quickly become good friends . she gets a job as a lap dancer at the seedy cheetah club but after a chance meeting with cristal connors the star of goddess the current show at the hotel where molly works nomi manages to secure an audition for a spot on the chorus line .however she soon realises that fame comes with a price as her friendships her morals and her soul are put to the test as she works her way up the ladder and eventually becomes the star of the show stealing cristal 's part . she begins to wonder if all of her work was for nothing and if she can reclaim her life back before it is too late .
a brooklyn smoke shop is the center of neighborhood activity and the stories of its customers .
a woman 's world is rocked when she discovers her husband is cheating on her .
in the search for extra terrestrial intelligence project receives a transmission detailing an alien dna structure along with instructions on how to splice it with human dna . the result is sil a sensual but deadly creature who can change from a beautiful woman to an armour -plated killing machine in the blink of an eye . government agent xavier fitch assembles a team of scientists and mercenaries to locate and destroy sil before she manages to find a mate and breed .
set in the year during the last days of the old millennium the movie tells the story of lenny nero an ex -cop who now deals with data -discs containing recorded memories and emotions . one day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute . lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail murder and rape . will he survive and solve the case ?
a young girl separated from her lover by war faces a life -altering decision .
john netherwood and his wife leann are fugitives who are both wanted for murder . they have a young daughter named janie . john and leann are in the process of robbing a house when the two residents of the house show up . john kills the two residents and heads back to the car with leann - only to discover the police waiting for them . john and leann get away after a cop shoots john and janie is placed up for adoption . janie is soon adopted by southern california carpenter russell clifton and his wife dana - and what they don 't know is that they 're in for the fight of their lives . john and leann are trying to locate janie and will stop at nothing to find her even if it means killing whoever is in their way . when john and leann discover that janie was adopted by russell and dana they plot to kill russell and dana and take janie but one thing they don 't expect is for russell and dana to fight back with all they 've got because russell and dana are willing to do whatever it takes to hold on to the new daughter that they have grown to love .
when jane holman is driving with her two sons tom and gunny she accidentally runs into a drifter named jack mccloud who breaks his leg . feeling sorry for him jane invites jack and his dog betty jane to stay at her home until his leg has healed . after having some difficulties to adapt to this new lifestyle jack soon finds himself loved by the family and they all want him to stay . when he starts teaching baseball to tom who misses his father who 's missing in the korean war the two of them develop a strong bond . meanwhile gunny believes that there 's more to jack and betty jane than meets the eye and he 's determined to find out !
young wild poet arthur rimbaud and his mentor paul verlaine engage in a fierce forbidden romance while feeling the effects of a hellish artistic lifestyle .
after jointly winning a local drag queen pageant in new york city noxeema jackson and vida boheme win the right and are given the round trip airfare to compete in the drag queen of america pageant in hollywood california . noxeema sees herself as the next dorothy dandridge who bucked the trend of most black american movie actresses of her time by never playing the slave house maid . vida 's style reflects her past of growing up in upper class suburban pennsylvania . one of their fellow new york contestants chi -chi rodriguez is a straight -talking but naive and inexperienced drag queen . seeing that chi -chi needs some drag queen confidence (despite her bravada ) vida and a reluctant noxeema decide to cash in their plane tickets and buy an older model cadillac convertible and drive to hollywood with chi -chi. their drive takes them through much of the country where alternate lifestyles are less tolerated than they may be in new york or los angeles . the three have an extended stay in small town snydersville where their car breaks down . if they ever make it out of snydersville they may be the better for their stay by learning more about themselves while dealing with the issues of town residents and spending more time together . their stay is made even more precarious when they find out that sheriff dollard a homophobic racist and sexist highway sheriff with who they had an earlier encounter is on their tail .
seal team commander casey ryback has retired from the navy since the conclusion of the events in the first movie and is now a chef at the mile high cafe in denver colorado . ryback is taking his niece sarah ryback on vacation to reconnect and commiserate with her after the death of her parents . they board a train traveling westbound through the rocky mountains from denver to la . with the help of gun -for-hire marcus penn a couple dozen of his mercenaries ex -cia brain (and mentally unstable ) travis dane commandeers the train takes the passengers and crew hostage and sets up a mobile control center . he hacks into the cia database and gains control of a top -secret defence satellite he designed during his agency days that has just been deployed . funded by various foreign interests he stands to make billion dollars for using the space weapon to blow up the eastern seaboard by targeting a nuclear reactor housed beneath the pentagon . dane taunts the joint chiefs in the pentagon situation room by using it to blow up a chinese chemical weapons plant and the two stealth planes sent to intercept him secure in the knowledge that he cannot be stopped because his location can 't be traced as long as the train keeps moving his location can 't be fixed . ryback aided by young porter bobby zachs is the only ones who can take out the bad guys rescue the hostages and prevent the destruction of the eastern seaboard before dane can realise his dastardly plans !
steven lidz unhappy with his home life since his mother got sick goes and lives with his two crazy uncles . there he changes and gets closer to his uncles but his parents want him home even though he is finally happy and popular .
isaac mizrahi one of the most successful designers in high fashion plans his fall collection . he combines inspirations such as the hollywood eskimo look the mary tyler moore show and ouija -derived advise like "dominatrix mixed with hitchcock " into a well -received collection . a behind -the-scenes look at the creative side of fashion .
glacier national park has enormous water preserves as well as one million acres of undeveloped wilderness . glacier national park is not currently designated as 'wilderness'. all of the beauty and resources of glacier are at risk as long as the park is not set -aside as 'wilderness'. the text of the film is intended to drive citizens to promote 'wilderness designation ' for glacier national park .
in a future where the polar ice -caps have melted and earth is almost entirely submerged a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw "smokers" and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land .
the story takes place in alternative america where the blacks are members of social elite and whites are inhabitants of inner city ghettos . louis pinnock is a white worker in a chocolate ...
andrew crocker -harris a classics teacher at an english school is afflicted with a heart ailment and an unfaithful wife . his interest in his pupils wanes as he looks towards his final days in employment .
russia : revolutionary hero colonel kotov is spending an idyllic summer in his village with his young wife and six -year-old daughter nadia and other assorted family and friends . things change dramatically with the unheralded arrival of cousin dmitri from moscow who charms the women and little nadia with his games and pianistic bravura . but kotov isn 't fooled : this is the time of stalin 's repression with telephone calls in the middle of the night spelling doom - and he knows that dmitri isn 't paying a social call ...
the circularity of violence seen in a story that circles on itself . in republic of macedonia during war in bosnia christians hunt an ethnic albanian girl who may have murdered one of their own . a young monk who 's taken a vow of silence offers her protection . in london a photographic editor who 's pregnant needs to talk it out with her estranged husband and chooses a toney restaurant . she wants permanence with her lover a prize -winning macedonian photographer just back from bosnia changed by the violence . he leaves abruptly for his village ; he 's not visited it in years . there he tries to ignore bitter divisions between his orthodox brethren and local albanians then tries to transcend them .
a young man and woman meet on a train in europe and wind up spending one evening together in vienna . unfortunately both know that this will probably be their only night together .
billy madison is a year -old man whose father brian is the head of a major hotel chain . even though he is groomed to replace his father who is about to retire billy is extremely immature and unmotivated in life . when brian considers making eric gordon (whom billy despises ) his new replacement billy decides to prove to his father that he is capable of taking over . he must repeat grade school all over again weeks for each grade ) in order to take over the hotel empire . the further billy progresses the more eric tries to derail billy .
a dysfunctional l .a. family hires a mysterious babysitter who changes their lives .
jane is a night club singer out of work . robin is a quirky real estate agent looking for a ride -share to accompany her to california . her advertisement is answered by jane who at first ...
a troubled couple and their blind daughter come to italy to visit a century castle they 've inherited . soon they are plagued by unexplained noises mysteriously broken objects and the daughter 's claims of an unknown nocturnal visitor to her bedroom . when the housekeeper and a local prostitute and are discovered savagely murdered in the castle 's dungeon john must unlock the castle 's secret to save himself from jail and his family from the castle 's secret inhabitant .
'circle of friends ' is set in 's ireland . the movie focuses on benny hogan and her best friend eve malone . the story centers around benny and eve as they enter student life at ...
dante hicks is not having a good day . he works as a clerk in a small convenience store and is told to come into work on his day off . dante thinks life is a series of down endings and this day is proving to no different . he reads in the newspaper that his ex -girlfriend caitlin is getting married . his present girlfriend reveals to have somewhat more experience with sex that he ever imagined . his principal concerns are the hockey game he has that afternoon and the wake for a friend who died . his buddy randal graves works as a clerk in the video store next and he hates his job just about as much as dante hates his .
a psychiatrist must cure a young patient that presents himself as don juan the greatest lover in the world .
a computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully which threatens both his career and his personal life .
a team of skydiving crooks led by dea -agent-turned-bad busey specialize in landing on police roofs and breaking in so their evil computer nerd can steal undercover agents ' files and sell them to drug lords . federal marshal snipes lost a brother to this crew and learns skydiving with the help of tough -but-lovable instructor butler so he can track them down . die hard meets passenger meets cliffhanger .
johnny destiny burns into las vegas in his hot plymouth roadrunner stopping only to pick up a stranger stranded in the desert . but then things aren 't always as they seem . anything can happen in that town of many possibilities ...especially since there 's been some weird electrical disturbances . as the stranger fresh out of prison tries to put his life back together --to recover his money from an old bank heist and the girl he lost in doing the job --something keeps interfering with his plans . is it fate ...or just destiny ?
a political activist is convinced that her guest is a man who once tortured her for the government .
a big -city reporter travels to the small town where her mother has been arrested for the murder of an elderly woman that she works for as a maid .
harry and lloyd are two good friends who happen to be really stupid . the duo set out on a cross country trip from providence to aspen colorado to return a briefcase full of money to its rightful owner a beautiful woman named mary swanson . after a trip of one mishap after another the duo eventually make it to aspen . but the two soon realize that mary and her briefcase are the least of their problems .
senior master chef chu lives in a large house in taipei with his three unmarried daughters jia -jen a chemistry teacher converted to christianity jia -chien an airline executive and jia -ning a student who also works in a fast food restaurant . life in the house revolves around the ritual of an elaborate dinner each sunday and the love lives of all the family members .
this psychological thriller is true to its subjects as well as being complex dynamic and overly dramatic . how something so long ago seemingly trivial years later with more significant trauma turns repressed emotions into a dysfunctional life and distorted thinking . this is all merged into a psychological menagerie that unfolds piece by piece to perfection .
elliot is going to the island of eden to live out his submissive fantasies but inadvertently photographs diamond smugglers at work . smugglers and detectives follow him to the island where they try to retrieve the film . elliot begins falling in love with lisa the head mistress of the island and lisa must evaluate her feelings about elliot and her own motivations .
because of his eccentric habits and bafflingly strange films director edward d . wood jr . is a hollywood outcast . nevertheless with the help of the formerly famous bela lugosi and a devoted cast and crew of show -business misfits who believe in ed 's off -kilter vision the filmmaker is able to bring his oversize dreams to cinematic life . despite a lack of critical or commercial success ed and his friends manage to create an oddly endearing series of extremely low -budget films .
kate and charlie have a perfect life planned out before them : buying a house marriage kids the whole works . kate 's fear of flying keeps her in canada while charlie goes to paris for a medical convention . while there charlie is smitten by the lovely juliette . he calls off the wedding with kate and she nervously boards a plane to get him back . she ends up sitting next to the petty french thief luc teyssier . he hides a stolen necklace and smuggled grape vine in her bag to get it through customs . her bag is stolen the necklace apparently lost and kate and luc head to cannes -- luc to find the necklace and kate get charlie back . along the way kate and luc begin having feelings for each other -- which change the course of their lives .
mickey gordon is a basketball referee who travels to france to bury his father . ellen andrews an american living in paris works for the airline mickey flies on . they meet and fall in love ...
charlie cox is a divorced writer who lives in los angeles . charlie and his daughter joleen are on their way home from a cross country vacation when they run out of gas in banco nevada ; a small town located in a remote part of the desert . it 's one day before jolene 's birthday . charlie and joleen check a nearby gas station owned by a vietnam war veteran named duckett but duckett doesn 't have any gas so they head to the local supermarket to find a phone . sheriff bill childers is in the store and he advises them to go to the trailer park to ask for gas . joleen spots the body of the store 's owner ferrell hogus in a pool of blood . the sheriff states that the murderer is most likely a drifter . the man and daughter check into the nearby palomino guest ranch and trailer park which is owned by a hostile woman named agnes reed . whilst her father uses the phone joleen speaks to agnes 's rebellious teenage son jimmy reed who she briefly came into contact with earlier at the gas station . a chemistry between the two teenagers is implied . joleen later meets a sandy -haired boy named pinky sears who is sent away by an angry jimmy . that night while agnes is taking a bath after an argument with jimmy she is killed when a hand reaches in through her bathroom window and pushes a small fan into the bathtub water electrocuting her . charlie and joleen also meet their neighbors fellow travelers louise and amy . by now it is obvious that a killer is terrorizing banco . the next day when jimmy tries to rape joleen she is rescued by pinky who jimmy attempts to drown before joleen pushes him and runs off with pinky . joleen 's diary is later stolen by the killer . soon after this joleen and her dad agree to car pool with louise and amy to leave the ranch but the murderer having become obsessed with joleen blows up the car with amy in it to prevent them . when jimmy tries to rob duckett 's gas station he is arrested and accused of being the serial killer but the killer turns out to be one of the people joleen least expected .
when max makes an preposterous promise to a girl he has a crush on his chances to fulfilling it seem hopeless when he is dragged onto a cross -country trip with his embarrassing father goofy .
hatch harrison had a traffic accident with his car . at first the doctors said he was dead but then they succeeded to bring him back to life after two hours . but hatch starts to have strange sensations in following time and discovers that he is now united with a mad killer who had entered his mind during his death .
after a man dies in a car crash he is reincarnated as a dog and attempts to reconnect with his family .
farinelli is the artistic name of carlo broschi a young singer in handel 's time . he was castrated in his childhood in order to preserve his voice . during his life he becomes to be a very famous opera singer managed by his mediocre brother (riccardo).
this is the story of a talking cute piglet named gordy who gets involved in a big quest to save his family from the slaughterhouse where no pigs have ever returned . and it 's all up to him to find and save them before they get turned into sausage !
innovative "claymation" adventures of gumby and his horse pokey .
j .j. is a rookie in the sheriff 's department and the first black officer at that station . racial tensions run high in the department as some of j .j.'s fellow officers resent his presence . ...
this documentary follows two young african -americans through their high school years as they perfect their skills in basketball in the hopes of getting a college scholarship and eventually play in the nba . arthur agee and william gates both show great potential and are are actively recruited as they look to enter high school . they start off at the same high school but unable to pay an unexpected bill for tuition fees arthur has to withdraw and go to the local public high school . the film follows them through their four years of high school and their trials and tribulations : injuries slumps and the never ending battle to maintain their grades . through it all their hoop dreams continue .
based on the true story of juliet hulme and pauline parker two close friends who share a love of fantasy and literature who conspire to kill pauline 's mother when she tries to end the girls ' intense and obsessive relationship .
kevin franklin is a con man whose mouth is bigger than him but it doesn 't help him much when he 's in with the mob for trying to avoid a gambling addict boss and his two stupid henchmen kevin poses as a childhood friend to gary young a workaholic father whose own life is in turmoil in an affluent pennsylvania suburb .
the life and death of the legendary ludwig van beethoven . beside all the work he is known for the composer once wrote a famous love letter to a nameless beloved and the movie tries to find out who this beloved was . not easy as beethoven has had many women in his life .
meet sam . a spy . a hunter . and herself hunted by an enemy more ruthless and determined than any she 's ever known . sam has been running from her past her entire life but when she returns to byzantium the organisation that employs her and begins to pursue her pursuer she will discover the only way to escape that past ... is to confront it . this is the story of a spy with a bull 's eye on her back a human target unable to trust anyone at any time even the man she loves . she is quite literally running for her life . hunted is a smart complex and contemporary spy series .
albert einstein helps a young man who 's in love with einstein 's niece to catch her attention by pretending temporarily to be a great physicist .
it hasn 't even been a year since a plantation owner named louis lost his wife in childbirth . both his wife and the infant died and now he has lost his will to live . a vampire named lestat takes a liking to louis and offers him the chance to become a creature of the night : a vampire . louis accepts and lestat drains louis ' mortal blood and then replaces it with his own turning louis into a vampire . louis must learn from lestat the ways of the vampire .
one of the obsessive speculations in american history is whether thomas jefferson in the years before he became president had an affair with (and fathered a child with ) his -year-old slave sally hemings . jefferson in paris follows jefferson to france (as the u .s. ambassador to the court of louis xvi ) following the death of his wife his friendships and flirtations with the french his relationship with his daughters and slaves from home (especially sally ) against the backdrop of the beginning of the french revolution .
when two unemployed telephone pranksters decide to use their vocal "talents" to impersonate a chicago mob boss and curry favor with organized crime in new york the trouble begins . it isn 't long before johnny and kamal (the "jerky boys " of crank call fame ) are wanted by the local mafia the police and their neighbor .
alex hesse and larry arbogast are working on a new drug which will reduce the chances of a woman 's body rejecting an embryo and thus causing a miscarriage . when their research funding is withdrawn and human experimentation is denied to them they decide to test the drug by breifly impregnating hesse . hesse however becomes attached to "his" unborn baby .
a harvard professor is lured back into the courtroom after years to take the case of a young black man condemned to death for the horrific murder of a child .
young calvin fuller is pulled into king arthur 's court by merlin . his mission : to save camelot . to do this he must overcome the villain known as lord belascoe train to become a knight and rescue the princess katherine who has fallen in love with him . ultimately he must help arthur regain his confidence before he can go home .
jimmy kilmartin 's an ex -con who 's trying to go straight . but he can 't say no to a quick driving job because his so called friend 's life is threatened . the job is for little junior brown a violent and powerful villain . when things go wrong jimmy is left to do the time and his whole life is turned upside -down but if that wasn 't enough the cops won 't leave jimmy alone when he gets out ... they want 'little junior '
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
with their father away fighting in the civil war jo meg beth and amy grow up with their mother in somewhat reduced circumstances . they are a close family who inevitably have their squabbles and tragedies . but the bond holds even when later men friends start to become a part of the household .
a little girl lives in a rather strange castle . she shares it with her mother father and maid . other characters help her realize that just because you are a princess you can 't always get what you want .
this ken loach docu -drama relates the story of a british woman 's fight with social services over the care of her children . maggie has a history of bouncing from one abusive relationship to another . she has four children of four different fathers who came to the attention of social services when they were injured in a fire . subsequently maggie was found to be an "unfit mother " and her children were removed from her care . she finally meets the man of her dreams a paraguayan expatriate and they start a family together . unfortunately social services seems unwilling to accept that her life has changed and rends them from their new children . she and jorge together and separately fight social services immigration and other government bureaucrats in a desperate battle to make their family whole again .
in a forgotten mexico tita and pedro fall in love but are forbidden to marry . mama elena sees tita 's role as her caretaker for life - no youngest daughter has ever married and her daughter will not be the first to break tradition . tita 's heart breaks when her mother instead offers to pedro her other daughter and he accepts . now they live in the same house and mama elena cannot forbid their love as she did their marriage .
in early -century montana col . william ludlow lives in the wilderness with his sons tristan alfred and samuel . eventually the unconventional but close -knit family encounters tragedy when samuel is killed in world war i . tristan and alfred survive their tours of duty but soon after they return home both men fall for samuel 's gorgeous fiance susannah and their intense rivalry begins to destroy the family .
major benson winifred payne is being discharged from the marines . payne is a killin ' machine but the wars of the world are no longer fought on the battlefield . a career marine he has no idea what to do as a civilian so his commander finds him a job - commanding officer of a local school 's jrotc program a bunch or ragtag losers with no hope . using such teaching tools as live grenades and real bullets payne starts to instill the corp with some hope . but when payne is recalled to fight in bosnia will he leave the corp that has just started to believe in him or will he find out that killin ' ain 't much of a livin '?
this film tells a bitter tale of a dysfunctional family . joshua a cold -blooded professional killer returns to his brighton beach boyhood home for a "job." he knows it will be difficult to return to the russian -immigrant community of his youth --in his eyes we see anticipation of the inevitable emotional pain and psychic turmoil that seeing his forsaken family and estranged companions will bring him . to do his job and try to maintain some semblence of sanity he has had to wall off his humanity from even himself . seeing his kid brother who adores him talking with his dying mother who still loves him and yes arguing with his abusive father begins to wreak havoc with his personal defenses . as his steely demeanor begins to dissolve we are shown the soul of a hit -man crumbling away piece by piece . finally all that he now allows himself to admit that he loves is agonizingly torn away from him and he is left with the ultimate punishment for his transgressions .
ex -football star mike gambril meets terry mckay on a flight to sydney which is forced to land on a small atoll . both engaged to others they become romantic on board the ship sent to take ...
the natural and adoptive mothers of a young boy are involved in a bitter controversial custody battle .
a meditation on power and the metaphor of the body of state based on the real episode of dementia experienced by george iii [now suspected a victim of porphyria a blood disorder ]. as he loses his senses he becomes both more alive and more politically marginalized ; neither effect desirable to his lieutenants who jimmy the rules to avoid a challenge to regal authority raising the question of who is really in charge .
when the brilliant but unorthodox scientist victor frankenstein rejects the artificial man that he has created the creature escapes and later swears revenge .
philip runs a crisis hotline with catherine and mrs munchnik . that 's the easy part now it gets tricky ... stanley loves evicting people and he evicts philip . philip loves helping people and he is loved by catherine . catherine is loved by louie who loves writing songs . chris loves dancing to songs and loves to wear large dresses . gracie also loves to wear large dresses because she 's pregnant . she loves the baby 's father felix who loves to paint . that just leaves mrs . munchnik who hasn 't been loved by anybody in a very long time .
young frank and his pals get an idea for the ultimate in excitement . they decide to pool their savings bicycle to the nearby big city and hire some woman of the streets to strip for them . things do not work out that simply but they do meet v a hooker with a heart of gold who ends up giving them a ride home . soon she is living in frank 's treehouse unbeknownst to frank 's widowed father tom who thinks she is one of frank 's teachers . soon however the evil waltzer comes looking for v .
at the macy 's department store thanksgiving day parade the actor playing santa is discovered to be drunk by a whiskered old man . doris walker the no nonsense special events director persuades the old man to take his place . the old man proves to be a sensation and is quickly recruited to be the store santa at the main macy 's outlet . while he is successful ms . walker learns that he calls himself kris kringle and he claims to be the actual santa claus . despite reassurances by kringle 's doctor that he is harmless doris still has misgivings especially when she has cynically trained herself and especially her daughter susan to reject all notions of belief and fantasy . and yet people especially susan begin to notice there is something special about kris and his determination to advance the true spirit of christmas amidst the rampant commercialism around him and succeeding in improbable ways . when a raucous conflict with the store 's cruelly incompetent psychologist erupts kris finds himself held at bellevue where in despair he deliberately fails a mental examination to ensure his commitment . all seems lost until doris ' friend fred gaily reassures kris of his worth and agrees to represent him in the fight to secure his release . to achieve that fred arranges a formal hearing in which he argues that kris is sane because he is in fact santa claus . what ensues is a bizarre hearing in which people 's beliefs are reexamined and put to the test but even so it 's going to take a miracle for kris to win .
gwyn marcus has always wanted a marriage like her parents . she has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend matt but she has misgivings about their future together . her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having . with her sister getting married and her brother already married her mother is growing concerned about gwyn 's being the last single person in the family . but the more she thinks about marriage the more she must search for the balance between career marriage and family .
comedy about ben a dentist and his family . they don 't exactly get along well .
henri young stole five dollars from a post office and ended up going to prison - to the most famous or infamous prison of them all : alcatraz . he tried to escape failed and spent three years and two months in solitary confinement - in a dungeon with no light no heat and no toilet . milton glenn the assistant warden who was given free reign by his duty -shirking superior was responsible for young 's treatment . glenn even took a straight razor and hobbled young for life . after three years and two months young was taken out of solitary confinement and put with the rest of the prisoners . almost immediately young took a spoon and stabbed a fellow prisoner in the neck killing him . now young is on trial for murder and if he 's convicted he 'll go to the gas chamber . an eager and idealistic young attorney james stamphill is given this impossible case and argues before a shocked courtroom that young had a co -conspirator. the true murderer he says was alcatraz .
sully is a rascally ne 'er-do-well approaching retirement age . while he is pressing a worker 's compensation suit for a bad knee he secretly works for his nemesis carl and flirts with carl 's young wife toby . sully 's long - forgotten son and family have moved back to town so sully faces unfamiliar family responsibilities . meanwhile sully 's landlady 's banker son plots to push through a new development and evict sully from his mother 's life .
in a remote woodland cabin a small town doctor discovers nell - a beautiful young hermit woman with many secrets .
jason and midget are two young black teenagers living in newarknew jersey the unofficial car theft capital of the world . their favourite pastime is that of everybody in their neighbourhood : stealing cars and joyriding . the trouble starts when they steal a police car and the cops launch a violent offensive that involves beating and even shooting suspects .
dr .stephanie lyell works for neurological research and is testing a seemingly safe personality -altering drug on marc gilmour a notorious serial killer . but when a pair of bizarre suicides ...
when ninas husband goes off for a few weeks to work she meets and starts seeing a photographer . this story is told as an interview by a journalist writing about adultery who is talking with both nina and the photographer in separate interviews . through him we learn much about the couple and their attitudes on adultery .
two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media .
destiny . faith (marisa tomei ) believes that two soul -mates can be united if they find each other . from the ouija board she has found the name of her missing half and it is d -a-m-o-n ...
a family descended from maori warriors is bedeviled by a violent father and the societal problems of being treated as outcasts .
lily is a sheltered art student from michigan going to school in california . she finds an apartment and her roommates aren 't quite normal . one day she finds a box of items belonging to a ...
extreme measures are necessary to contain an epidemic of a deadly airborne virus . but how extreme exactly ?
mathilda a -year-old girl is reluctantly taken in by lon a professional assassin after her family is murdered . lon and mathilda form an unusual relationship as she becomes his protge and learns the assassin 's trade .
a pastry boy and the son of a hair -piece mogul become involved in an arson scandal . sergio is offered a bribe in exchange for taking the blame for the fire that destroys his workplace . garet the real arsonist is apalled that someone else would try to take credit for his act of love . before long sergio and garet become entangled in a zany love -quadrangle involving hattie and stephanie .
jules winnfield (samuel l . jackson ) and vincent vega (john travolta ) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer mob boss marsellus wallace (ving rhames ). wallace has also asked vincent to take his wife mia (uma thurman ) out a few days later when wallace himself will be out of town . butch coolidge (bruce willis ) is an aging boxer who is paid by wallace to lose his next fight . the lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny bizarre and uncalled -for incidents .
priest a post -apocalyptic sci -fi thriller is set in an alternate world -- one ravaged by centuries of war between man and vampires . the story revolves around a legendary warrior priest from the last vampire war who now lives in obscurity among the other downtrodden human inhabitants in walled -in dystopian cities ruled by the church . when his niece is abducted by a murderous pack of vampires priest breaks his sacred vows to venture out on a quest to find her before they turn her into one of them . he is joined on his crusade by his niece 's boyfriend a trigger -fingered young wasteland sheriff and a former warrior priestess who possesses otherworldly fighting skills .
an idealistic young lawyer working for a congressional subcommittee in the late discovers that tv quiz shows are being fixed . his investigation focuses on two contestants on the show "twenty-one": herbert stempel a brash working -class jew from queens and charles van doren the patrician scion of one of america 's leading literary families . based on a true story .
the story of -year-old riyo who journeys to hawaii in to marry a man she has never met except through photographs and letters they have exchanged . hoping to escape a troubled past and to start anew riyo is bitterly disappointed upon her arrival : her husband is twice her age and hawaii is not the paradise she expected . as riyo comes to terms with her new home she discovers a land full of hardship struggle --and unexpected joy .
the night of august is known as the massacre of st . bartholomew . in france a religious war is raging . in order to impose peace a forced wedding is arranged between margot de valois sister of the immature catholic king charles ix and the hugenot king henri of navarre . catherine of medici maintains her behind -the-scenes power by ordering assaults poisonings and instigations to incest .
lady avenger returns to western town owned by a ruthless gunslinger hosting an elimination tournament .
an elderly yet young -at-heart man moves in with his grandson and both their lives turn upside -down.
a fashion show in paris draws the usual bunch of people ; designers reporters models magazine editors photographers . lots of unconnected stories which all revolve around this show and an all -star cast .
final entry in a trilogy of films dealing with contemporary french society concerns a model who discovers her neighbour is keen on invading people 's privacy .
final entry in a trilogy of films dealing with contemporary french society concerns a model who discovers her neighbour is keen on invading people 's privacy .
final entry in a trilogy of films dealing with contemporary french society concerns a model who discovers her neighbour is keen on invading people 's privacy .
a woman inherits her father 's fireworks factory as he had no son . the business does well and everything works in an orderly fashion until one day an itinerant painter is hired to decorate the doors and vases at the factory . the woman forbidden to marry and thereby involve outsiders in the factory ownership finds herself drawn to the headstrong painter . when they fall in love the situation throws her entire life into disarray .
stuart smalley the saturday night live character comes to the big screen . stuart the disciple of the step program is challenged by lifes injustices . he loses his public access cable television show must beg his manipulative overbearing boss for his job back rehabilitate his alcoholic father and drug abuser brother and support his over -weight mother and sister in their lack of ability in handling their relationships with their husbands . stuart is supported by his step sponsors as a he regresses back to his negative behaviors each time he faces these challenges .
a power hungry sorcerer transforms a princess into a swan by day in this tale of everlasting love .
-year-old fiona is sent to live with her grandparents in a small fishing village in donegal ireland . she soon learns the local legend that an ancestor of hers married a selkie - a seal who can turn into a human . years earlier her baby brother washed out to sea in a cradle shaped like a boat ; someone in the family believes the boy is being raised by the seals . then fiona catches sight of a naked little boy on the abandoned isle of roan inish and takes an active role in uncovering he secret of roan inish .
kusanagi plays a police detective who gets framed for a crime he didn 't commit and had to spend the last years in prison . however he regains his job as a police officer and makes use of his specialized knowledge on criminal psychology to solve difficult cases .
an interstellar teleportation device found in egypt leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient egyptians who worship the god ra .
two imprisoned men bond over a number of years finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency .
the new flatmate of three preexisting roommates turns up mysteriously dead but in possession of a large sum of money . when the roommates decide to keep it for themselves their action sets in motion a destructive chain of events that spiral out of control .
brothers vincent (rich) and clay (poor) meet up for the first time after their father 's funeral and remark on how similar they look . but unknown to clay who thinks his life is taking a turn for the better vince is actually plotting to kill him with a car bomb and pass the corpse off as his own planning to start a new life elsewhere with his father 's inheritance . but clay survives the blast and has his face memory and identity restored in hospital ... but are they the right ones ?
diego a cultivated homosexual and skeptical young man falls in love with a young heterosexual communist full of prejudices and doctrinal ideas . first come rejection and suspicion but also fascination . fresa y chocolate is a coming -of-age story told through the development of a great friendship which overcomes incomprehension and intolerance .
a young hollywood executive becomes the assistant to a big time movie producer who is the worst boss imaginable : abusive abrasive and cruel . but soon things turn around when the young executive kidnaps his boss and visits all the cruelties back on him .
set in sydney australia . a (heterosexual) father and his gay son are trying to find ms /mr right respectively . the film shows their relationships with one another and the objects of their affection as tradgedy strikes . there is no overt 'message' in the film just a very natural entertaining story -telling.
fugui and jiazhen endure tumultuous events in china as their personal fortunes move from wealthy landownership to peasantry . addicted to gambling fugui loses everything . in the years that follow he is pressed into both the nationalist and communist armies while jiazhen is forced into menial work . they raise a family and survive managing "to live " from the 's to the 's in this epic but personal story of life through an amazing period .
tank girl (rebecca) and her friends are the only remaining citizens living in the wasteland that is earth where all the remaining water is controlled by water and power the mega corporation /government that runs the territory . while incarcerated at w + p tank girl and her new friend jet girl break out and steal ... a tank and a jet . after meeting some mutant kangaroo /humans and rescuing her little girl (adopted by her friends ) the kangaroos and the girls kick water and powers ' butt .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
four short moralistic horror vignettes (a la ec comics ) that deal with mostly black characters . the framing story introduces three youths out to pick up a drug shipment at a funeral parlor from the strange director mr . simms . as the three punks wind their way through the parlor mr . simms tells them the last stories of some of his more interesting clients .
in t .s. (tom) eliot and vivienne haigh -wood elope but her longstanding gynecological and emotional problems disrupt their planned honeymoon . her father is angry because tom 's poetry doesn 't bring in enough to live on but her mother is happy viv has found a tender and discreet husband .
a small town 's women give birth to unfriendly alien children posing as humans .
tommy callahan jr . is a slow -witted clumsy guy who recently graduated college after attending for seven years . his father big tom callahan owns an auto parts factory in ohio . when tommy arrives back home he finds he has a position at the factory waiting for him . his dad also introduces tommy to the new brake pad division of the factory and to tommy 's soon -to-be stepmother beverly and her son paul . but when big tom dies the factory threatens to go under unless the new brake pads are to be sold . therefore tommy must go on the road to sell them along with the assistance of richard big tom 's right -hand man . will tommy save the company or will the factory and the town go under ?
an uniterrupted rehersal of chekhov 's "uncle vanya " played out by a company of actors . the setting is their run down theater with an unusable stage and crumbling ceiling . the play is shown act by act with the briefest of breaks to move props or for refreshments . the lack of costumes real props and scenery is soon forgotten .
john finds out that the tunnels under sacramento have more secrets than history tells .
an old man looks death in the face when a stranger 's car hits a tree off an icy road .
what 's eating gibert grape is a beautifully shot movie of tenderness caring and self -awareness that is set amongst the fictional working class one street town endora . centred around the grape family ellen and amy and their two brothers arnie and gilbert who along with their morbidly obese widowed mother bonnie grape are striving to survive and coexist with the absence of a father figure low wage work and seventeen -year-old arnie 's severe mental condition . it is in this awkward and extremely one sided affair that the unfortunate gilbert has to constantly while working for the town 's slowly dying convenience store take care of his younger brother arnie . gilbert 's life his future is thwarted he knows this but it is in this guardian angel that his love and bond for arnie cannot and will not be let go . that is until the free spirit of becky arrives in town and with her grandmother are stranded for the week while waiting for parts for their vehicle . this realization unties new feelings new thoughts and new hope for the put upon gibert something new is eating gilbert grape .
when a virtual reality simulation created using the personalities of multiple serial killers manages to escape into the real world an ex -cop is tasked with stopping its reign of terror .
lucy 's life consists of constant loneliness that is until she saves peter 's life . now she is a part of his family and with a strong heart and fate on her side others begin to realize what a terrific person she is especially jack peter 's brother . an extraordinarily true -to-life sequence of events begin to take place as lucy and jack become closer and learn more about each other and themselves than one would ever expect from such coincidental yet believable events .
an fbi agent seeks vengeance on a mysterious assassin known as "rogue" who murdered his partner .
twenty -two year old chinese -canadian jade li comes from a traditional chinese family who try to put on the perfect public persona at all cost so as to "save face ". one primary part of this ...
muriel finds life in porpoise spit australia dull and spends her days alone in her room listening to abba music and dreaming of her wedding day . slight problem muriel has never had a date . then she steals some money to go on a tropical vacation meets a wacky friend changes her name to mariel and turns her world upside down .
seven junior -high-school girls organize a daycare camp for children while at the same time experiencing classic adolescent growing pains .
adventure game based on the animated ace ventura : pet detective tv series . ace is on the trail of a conspiracy involving a rich german countess who loves fur and some missing alaskan huskies .
two drag performers and a transgender woman travel across the desert to perform their unique style of cabaret .
a pre -fame beatles head for the seedy clubs of hamburg in search of success . the band meet up with a group of trendy german beatniks one of whom (astrid kircherr ) bass guitarist stuart sutcliffe falls in love with . whilst best friend john lennon can only watch sutcliffe has to choose between rock 'n roll and a new life in germany ...
british couple fiona and nigel dobson are sailing to istanbul en route to india . they encounter a beautiful french woman and that night nigel meets her while dancing alone in the ship 's bar . later he meets her crippled american husband oscar who tells him their story . while living in paris for several years trying to be a writer he becomes obsessed with a woman he met by chance on a bus . he tracks her down and they start a steamy love affair . soon oscar finds himself enslaved body and soul by her love and continues to tell nigel the details of this relationship in various stages over a number of visits to oscar 's cabin .
set in 's new york city this movie tells the story of idealistic young playwright david shayne . producer julian marx finally finds funding for the project from gangster nick valenti . the catch is that nick 's girl friend olive neal gets the part of a psychiatrist and olive is a bimbo who could never pass for a psychiatrist as well as being a dreadful actress . agreeing to this first compromise is the first step to broadway 's complete seduction of david who neglects longtime girl friend ellen . meanwhile david puts up with warner purcell the leading man who is a compulsive eater helen sinclair the grand dame who wants her part jazzed up and cheech olive 's interfering hitman / bodyguard . eventually the playwright must decide whether art or life is more important .
cia analyst jack ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the us government against a colombian drug cartel .
when manny singer 's wife dies his young daughter molly becomes mute and withdrawn . to help cope with looking after molly he hires sassy housekeeper corrina washington who coaxes molly ...
from spike lee comes this vibrant semi -autobiographical portrait of a school -teacher her stubborn jazz -musician husband and their five kids living in brooklyn .
esa nissi 's documentary film about the symbiosis of man and the crow . a story about a peasant crow that tries to adapt to modern citylife . winter is coming amd the nature of the countryside fails to provide enough nutrition to the crow . fosterling of the countryside has to change it 's lifestyle radically migration to overwinter lies ahead . luckily unlike it 's forefathers the crow doesn 't have to go through the moving flight to middle europe the nearest city provides the means to winter . could the swollen urbanized man help ? "crow" tells how the city community created by man embraces a migrant one autumn day .
a reporter hired to write the 'official' biography of ty cobb discovers just how dark the baseball legend 's real story is .
in this live -action feature of the cartoon show fred flintstone finally gets the job he 's always wanted but it may just come at a price .
forrest gump is a simple man with a low i .q. but good intentions . he is running through childhood with his best and only friend jenny . his 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny . forrest joins the army for service in vietnam finding new friends called dan and bubba he wins medals creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet inspires people to jog starts a ping -pong craze creates the smiley writes bumper stickers and songs donates to people and meets the president several times . however this is all irrelevant to forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart jenny curran who has messed up her life . although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone .
the film follows the fortunes of charles and his friends as they wonder if they will ever find true love and marry . charles thinks he 's found "miss right " in carrie an american . this british subtle comedy revolves around charlie his friends and the four weddings and one funeral which they attend .
youngsters from different countries races and social background are forced to integrate when they all enroll in columbus university . they all have their own problems such as finance harrassment personal safety and self doubt . additionally campus life seems to be causing a problem for everyone : racism . students already under pressure to perform in the classroom on the track or in front of their friends are strained to the breaking point by prejudice inexperience and misunderstanding .
veteran reporter peter brackett is enjoying new found fame after his book "white lies " is published . when he is asked by his newspaper "the chicago chronicle " to report on a train crash he notices new reporter sabrina peterson . brackett 's complacency gets rudely shocked by peterson 's report for the rival "chicago globe ." what follows next is a mad race between the reporters who then cook up possible events that lead up to the crash . after an initial spate of mad reporting both settle down to get the facts straight which leads them to uncover opposing information . when each gets setup to be killed at the same place they escape and then agree to work together . while they initially do not trust one another they eventually come to work together to uncover the truth behind the train crash .
charlie and muriel lang have led simple lives - for most of their existance . that 's until they win million on the lottery ! there is a problem however . prior to winning the lottery charlie had eaten at a cafe and hadn 't been able to tip the waitress . he had promised her jokingly that if he won the lottery he 'd give her half of it . this is why his wife muriel decides to leave him . she doesn 't want the waitress to get a cent of their money . infact she wants all million for herself !
teenaged mowgli who was raised by wolves appears in a village in india and is adopted by messua . mowgli learns human language and some human ways quickly though keeping jungle ideas . influential merchant buldeo is bigoted against 'beasts' including mowgli ; not so buldeo 's pretty daughter whom mowgli takes on a jungle tour where they find a treasure setting the evil of human greed in motion .
an angel helps a compassionate but despairingly frustrated businessman by showing what life would have been like if he never existed .
lion cub and future king simba searches for his identity . his eagerness to please others and penchant for testing his boundaries sometimes gets him into trouble .
lama norbu comes to seattle in search of the reincarnation of his dead teacher lama dorje . his search leads him to young jesse conrad raju a waif from kathmandu and an upper class ...
rusty dennis is the mother of rocky a seriously deformed but extremely intelligent and emotionally warm teenager . rusty is a no -nonsense mother whose wild lifestyle is often at odds with her tenderness and protectiveness towards rocky . she is determined that rocky be given the same chances and happiness that everyone else takes for granted .
maverick is recreated from the character james garner created in the tv program . maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them . he needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a winner take all poker game that begins in a few days . he tries to win some tries to collect a few debts and recover a little loot for the reward all with a light hearted air . he joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvelous though fake southern accent as the two both try and enter the game .
dorothy parker remembers the heyday of the algonquin round table a circle of friends whose barbed wit like hers was fueled by alcohol and flirted with despair .
frank drebin comes out of retirement to help police squad infiltrate a gang of terrorists planning to detonate a bomb at the academy awards .
after an all night adventure quentin 's life -long crush margo disappears leaving behind clues that quentin and his friends follow on the journey of a lifetime .
a documentary filmmaker and her fellow gen x graduates face life after college looking for work and love in houston .
when a promised job for texan michael fails to materialise in wyoming mike is mistaken by wayne to be the hitman he hired to kill his unfaithful wife suzanne . mike takes full advantage of the situation collects the money and runs . during his getaway things go wrong and soon get worse when he runs into the real hitman lyle .
the adventures of the poor little rich boy and his friends .
a mother with seven sons feels like she 's losing control of her life and her family . but personal pain and a troubled marriage fade into the background as news comes that one of her sons ...
rafting expert gail takes on a pair of armed killers while navigating a spectacularly violent river .
bomber terrorist 's elevator plan backfires so he rigs a bomb to a la city bus . the stipulation is : once armed the bus must stay above mph to keep from exploding . also if lapd officer tries to unload any passengers off payne will detonate it . joe morton co -stars as jack 's superior and jeff daniels supports jack helping him try to defuse the bomb .
two political speechwriters fall in love before they find out they are working for candidates on opposite sides .
max walker an officer for a security agency that regulates time travel must fend for his life against a shady politician who 's intent on changing the past to control the future .
a fearless globe -trotting terrorist -battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman .
an airline pilot and his wife are forced to face the consequences of her alcoholism when her addictions threaten her life and their daughter 's safety . while the woman enters detox her husband must face the truth of his enabling behavior .
publisher will randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job .
wyatt earp is a movie about a man and his family . the movie shows us the good times and the bad times of one of the west 's most famous individuals .
when a harvard -educated cia agent is killed during an operation the secret agency recruits his twin brother .
a black detective becomes embroiled in a web of danger while searching for a fortune in missing drug money .during the course of his investigation he encounters various old connections ...
an eccentric single mother tries to raise her young teenage son .
colonel chabert has been severely wounded in the french -russian napoleonic war to the point that the medical examiner has signed his death certificate . when he regains his health and memory he goes back to paris where his "widow" anne has married the count ferraud and is financing his rise to power using chabert 's money . chabert hires a lawyer to help him get back his money and his honor .
three strippers seeking thrills encounter a young couple in the desert . after dispatching the boyfriend they take the girl hostage and begin scheming on a crippled old man living with his two sons in the desert reputedly hiding a tidy sum of cash . they become houseguests of the old man and try and seduce the sons in an attempt to locate the money not realizing that the old man has a few sinister intentions of his own .
the story of a young man jason (allen payne ) who must confront his trauma -induced insecurity about love as well as a sense of owed responsibility to his mother and troubled brother joshua (bokeem woodbine ). jason an assistant manager and sales clerk at an electronics store falls in love with lyric (jada pinkett smith ) and finds happiness but his family history and mentally ill war veteran father maddog (forest whitaker ) plague his life 's plans before he can leave it all for a better life .
a boy born the size of a small doll is kidnapped by a genetic lab and must find a way back to his father in this inventive adventure filmed using stop motion animation techniques . tom meets a variety of strange creatures and eventually discovers a race of miniature humans like himself .
col . guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of dictator m . bison and his cohorts .
a new york man suffers amnesia . he soon learns that he 's mixed up in a life -and-death situation but what exactly is it ?
with the disappearance of hack horror writer sutter cane all hell is breaking loose ...literally! author cane it seems has a knack for description that really brings his evil creepy -crawlies to life . insurance investigator john trent is sent to investigate cane 's mysterious vanishing act and ends up in the sleepy little east coast town of hobb 's end . the fact that this town exists as a figment of cane 's twisted imagination is only the beginning of trent 's problems .
this film chronicles the life of lane frost prca bull riding world champion his marriage and his friendships with tuff hedeman (three-time world champion ) and cody lambert .
story of kyle -lee watson a promising high school basketball star and his relationships with birdie a powerful drug dealer and birdie 's brother thomas 'shep' sheppard himself once a promising high school star at kyle 's school now employed as a security guard .
a comical gothic horror -movie-type family tries to rescue their beloved uncle from his gold -digging new love .
henry buchanan an english schoolmaster comes to teach in a small canadian town . his outspoken views on the evil of the approaching world war ii causes a ripple in the small town and when ...
three band members hoping for a big break head to a radio station to play their demo tape and wind up holding everyone hostage with plastic guns when the head dj refuses to play them .
jimmy dolan is a college basketball coach who wants a big promotion . to get it he needs to make a dramatic find . he ends up deep in africa hoping to recruit saleh a huge basketball prodigy jimmy glimpsed in a home movie . but saleh is the chief 's son and has responsibilities at home since the tribe 's land is threatened by a mining company with its own hotshot basketball team .
prankster cops chris and bill are joined by a gina from the da 's office to stakeout a lakeside home .
four prostitutes join together to travel the old west .
ted a stuffy white guy from illinois working in sales for the barcelona office of a us corporation is paid an unexpected visit by his somewhat less stuffy cousin fred who is an officer in the us navy . over the next few months both their lives are irrevocably altered by the events which follow fred 's arrival events which are the trivial stuff of a comedy of manners at first but which gradually grow increasingly dramatic .
three twenty -somethings share a house and try to live a normal life despite being a ghost a werewolf and a vampire .
jed clampett and kin move from arkansas to beverly hills when he becomes a billionaire after an oil strike . the country folk are very naive with regard to life in the big city so when jed starts a search for a new wife there are inevitably plenty of takers and con artists ready to make a fast buck .
one night in detroit during a shoot -out at a chop shop detroit cop axel foley sees his boss inspector douglas todd getting killed by a well dressed man . using his last breath inspector todd tells axel to get the man who shot him and axel says that he will do that . axel does some looking around and finds the killer 's vehicle at wonder world a theme park in beverly hills california . in beverly hills axel is reunited with his friend billy rosewood who tells axel that john taggart is now retired and living in arizona . billy is now the deputy director of operations for joint systems interdepartmental operational command (jsioc). billy also has a new partner named jon flint . axel checks out wonder world which is owned by dave "uncle dave " thornton . at wonder world axel rescues two kids who are stuck on a ride that broke down and after this axel is taken to see the park 's head of security ellis dewald and axel recognizes dewald as inspector todd 's killer . jon refuses to believe this because dewald is one of jon 's friends . ellis runs a counterfeiting ring that uses the theme park as a front . axel is also falling in love with janice perkins who works at the park . when dave gets shot by dewald 's men axel is accused of being the man who shot dave . with the help of billy and jon axel sets out to prove his innocence and get revenge on dewald .
black beauty a beautiful black stallion in england recalls his life from his birth through his carefree life as a colt to the many hardships he suffered after achieving maturity . he goes through many owners both good and bad until he finally finds happiness and contentment .
emma is a blind violinist who finally gets the opportunity to see . meanwhile a string of bizarre rapes and murders has taken place . all of the victims have had transplants within the last month . a coincidence or is emma next ?
jimmy dove works for the bomb squad in boston and he is always the one who is on the tough jobs . one day he decides to quit the force and to become a teacher for the rookies of the squad . a few days later his former partner is killed by a bomb and jimmy becomes suspicious that maybe this bomb could have been built by a former friend of himself . he begins to investigate and finds out that his worst nightmare has returned from his past .
pete bell a college basketball coach is under a lot of pressure . his team isn 't winning and he cannot attract new players . the stars of the future are secretly being paid by boosters . this practice is forbidden in the college game but pete is desperate and has pressures from all around .
jessica lange stars in a period drama about a family moving to a military base and she quickly becomes part of a cover -up involving nuclear bomb tests .
a teenage girl and her father discover alien clones are replacing humans on a remote u .s. military base in alabama .
a top surgeon is besotted with a beautiful woman who once ditched him . unable to come to terms with life without her he tries to convince her that they need each other . she has other ideas but an horrific accident leaves her at his mercy . the plot is bizarre and perhaps sick at times ending abruptly and with a twist .
gangster sonny is the big man in the bronx neighborhood of an italian small boy named calogero . a shooting witnessed by the boy (nicknamed c ) is the starting point of a lasting bond between the gangster and the boy . father (bus driver lorenzo ) however disapproves . c grows up under the wing of both men torn between his own natural honesty and his fascination with sonny . c 's neighborhood cronies get involved in theft use of guns and racial fights . when c falls for an african american girl things don 't get any easier . c 's leap to manhood is marked by tragedy but also by his recognition of the many faces of love .
snobby school boy goes left and mistakes the "filthy whore " for his millionaire dad 's yacht . he joins four filthy fishermen for hijinx on the high seas .
a puerto rican ex -con pledges to stay away from his former drug dealing ways but finds himself being dragged back by his past connections and the naive machinations of his lawyer and best friend . hoping to raise enough money to get away from new york carlito brigante takes on the job of running a nightclub renews an affair with a dancer but old associates and old instincts suck him back into a world of violence and mistrust .
shortly after their first western adventure mitch robbins and his friends discover a treasure map that belonged to their late trail guide curly and set out to discover its secrets .
a private eye who suffers total amnesia every is deeply entangled in a complicated murder /theft case .
whilst crossing a ledge feet above the earth gabe 's friend 's equipment fails to work and she slips out of his hand falling to the ground . almost a year later gabe is asked to go back to the same mountain range and rescue a group of 'stranded' people . the only catch is that these so called 'stranded' people are in fact looking for three boxes filled with and they need a mountain ranger to lead them to them !!
an alien couple known as beldar and prymatt with cone -shaped heads from the planet called remulak is mistakingly ditched on earth during a scouting mission for planet conquest . while here they dodge the ins have a child and discover that life on earth is quite good . but unfortunately they are being chased by the government who knows something is not quite right with the conehead family . after they are rescued and taken back to their planet belder vows to return to earth and conquer it !
a color -blind psychiatrist bill capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend 's therapy group all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that capa begins having intense sexual encounters with .
when police discover that a mob hitman has moved in next door to the robbersons they want to find out what he is up to . so they set up a stakeout in the robbersons ' home . hard -nosed tough -as-nails jake stone is assigned to the stakeout . but now it 's a question of whether jake can last long enough to capture the bad guys . the robbersons want to help so they are driving him crazy .
buddies pepper lewis (woody harrelson ) and sonny gilstrap (kiefer sutherland ) who are championship rodeo partners travel to new york to find their missing friend nacho salazar joaqun ...
a new york film director working on his latest movie in los angeles begins to reflect the actions in his movie and real life especially when he begins an affair with the lead actress .
bill mitchell is the philandering and distant president of the united states . dave kovic is a sweet -natured and caring temp agency operator who by a staggering coincidence looks exactly like the president . as such when mitchell wants to escape an official luncheon the secret service hires dave to stand in for him . unfortunately mitchell suffers a severe stroke whilst having sex with one of his aides and dave finds himself stuck in the role indefinitely . the corrupt and manipulative chief of staff bob alexander plans to use dave to elevate himself to the white house - but unfortunately he doesn 't count on dave enjoying himself in office using his luck to make the country a better place and falling in love with the beautiful first lady ...
the adventures of high school and junior high students on the last day of school in may .
frozen in simon phoenix a convicted crime lord is revived for a parole hearing well into the century . revived into a society free from crime phoenix resumes his murderous rampage and no one can stop him . john spartan the police officer who captured phoenix in has also been cryogenically frozen this time for a crime he did not commit . in the former cities of los angeles san diego and santa barbara have merged into peaceful utopian san angeles . unable to stop him with their non -violent solutions the police release spartan to help recapture phoenix . now after years spartan has to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about .
bruce brown king of surfing documentaries returns after nearly thirty years to trace the steps of two young surfers to top surfing spots around the world . along the way we see many of the ...
sissy hankshaw is born with enormous thumbs that help her hitchhiking through the us from a young age . she becomes a model in advertising and her ny agent 'the countess ' sends her to his ranch in ca to shoot a commercial set against the background of mating whooping cranes . there she befriends bonanza jellybean one of the cowgirls at the beauty - ranch . the cowgirls take command of the ranch from the countess and 'drug' the cranes with 'peyote'. the police besiege the ranch .
a spoof of the late and early suspense thrillers and murder mysteries including basic instinct sleeping with the enemy cape fear and others . a cop /attorney (yes he 's both ) is seduced by a woman while his wife is having an affair with a mechanic . lots of other sublots and visual gags in the style of naked gun . check the rating !
farewell my concubine is a movie with two parallel intertwined stories . it is the story of two performers in the beijing opera stage brothers and the woman who comes between them . at the same time it attempts to do no less than squeeze the entire political history of china in the twentieth century into a three -hour time -frame.
kip 's perfect life is put in jeopardy when the waitress with whom he 's having a casual fling is accidentally killed in their motel room . desperate he turns to childhood friend and loser marvin to help get rid of the body . marvin agrees which begins the unraveling of their friendship and ultimately leads both to murderous acts they never thought themselves capable of .
martial arts legend huo yuanjia became the most famous fighter in all of china at the turn of the century . huo faced personal tragedy but ultimately fought his way out of darkness and into history defining the true spirit of martial arts . his self -discovery and the choices he made inspired his nation . the son of a great fighter who did not wish for his child to follow in his footsteps the bullied huo yuanjia resolves to teach himself how to fight - and win . years of training enable him to ace match after match in his home region of tianjin . but as his fame as a martial arts master grows so does his pride . after an ill -advised fight leads to another master 's death members of huo 's family are slain in revenge . grieving and ashamed huo wanders the country in shock . near death he is rescued by women from an idyllic village and is offered simple kindness and generosity that help him heal and regain his equilibrium over a period of several years . huo realizes that the future of martial arts lies in sportsmanship and not brutality and he rejoins society to apply what he has learned . returning to tianjin huo takes steps to come to terms with his past and restore his family 's name . his evolving graceful mizong (missing) fist method of fighting brings huo renewed success and he forms the progressive jingwu sports federation . taking note duplicitous members of the foreign chamber of commerce engineer a shanghai tournament pitting huo against four fighters each representing the major foreign powers in china . huo commits to the bout and faces off against respectively a british boxer a spanish swordsman a belgian soldier and a japanese martial artist . what happened that day in has never been and will never be forgotten in china .
a mockumentary chronicling the rise and fall of nwh a not particularly talented --or particularly bright but always controversial --hip-hop group .
convinced his thesis will have him graduate with honors from harvard university a stuffy student finds himself at the mercy of a homeless man 's demands when he holds the papers hostage .
a talented but emotionally troubled dancer runs away to new york city and quickly finds herself immersed in the cutthroat world of professional ballet .
edwina has just moved into the neighborhood known as "widows' peak " so called due to the prevalent marital status of the residents who tend to be a rather exclusive bunch . the residents ...
doug is a young man who works all day as a concierge at a luxurious hotel saving money to make his own business . unfortunately when he finds the financial supporter he needs he discovers that his "saviour" is having an affair with the woman he loves ! now he must choose between money and love ...
after committing the heist steve and ryan taylor are put to the test when taken in by the man in power . throughout interrogation the heist is reviled and the problem along the way . how far would you go to protect the ones you love ? as long as you keep your cool you may be accepted into the firm
when a boy learns that a beloved killer whale is to be killed by the aquarium owners the boy risks everything to free the whale .
michael (or fresh as he 's well known ) is a -year-old drug pusher who lives in a crowded housing project with his cousins and aunt . his father has become a street bum but still meets with fresh on occasion to play chess . fresh is rather quiet in a crazy world . fresh 's sister is a junkie who sleeps with the dealers who fresh sells for . as the story progresses fresh realizes that he doesn 't want to sell drugs anymore he wants out .
a well respected chicago surgeon dr . richard kimble has found out that his wife helen has been murdered ferociously in her own home . the police found kimble and accused him of the murder . then kimble (without justifiable reason ) was tried convicted and sentenced to death . however on the way to prison kimble 's transport crashed . kimble escapes and is now on the run . deputy samuel gerard from chicago takes charge of the chase of kimble . meanwhile kimble takes up his own investigation to find who really killed his wife and to lure gerard and his team into it as well .
an apache warrior who defies u .s. attempts to bring the indians under control grapples with an array of u .s. soldiers sent to subdue his revolt . sympathetic scouts seek to bring geronimo ...
to save his kidnapped wife brent magna must drive at the orders of a mysterious man .
a thief 's son cons his father into spending more time with him .
max is a trendy pretty young lesbian who is having trouble finding love . a friend sets her up with ely whom max likes but ely is frumpy homely and older . nor do they have much in common . can max learn to look past the packaging ?
a female lawyer takes an accused wife -murderer as a client but finds herself morally compelled to betray him one way or another .
natasha binder comes to new orleans looking for her father who has gone missing . in doing so she meets a very hard man called chance . he helps her find out that her father was killed by an organisation who sell the opportunity to hunt human prey . they are taking advantage of a police strike in new orleans . will the muscles from brussels win through ?
the final movie in oliver stone 's vietnam trilogy follows the true story of a vietnamese village girl who survives a life of suffering and hardship during and after the vietnam war . as a ...
topper harley is found working as an odd -job-man in a monastery . the cia wants him to lead a rescue mission into iraq to rescue the last rescue team who went in to rescue the last rescue team who ... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after desert storm . the president is tug benson who also likes to be in on the action . basically it 's a send -up of all the big shoot -em-up rambo movies .
georgina throws a sleepover party for her friend jamie a moderately successful actress on the night of jamie 's fiance 's bachelor party . jill jamie marcy rachel and georgina have been friends since childhood and as the evening progresses they talk about a variety of topics : georgina 's heterosexual fantasies and her uncertainties about chris her live -in lover ; jamie 's doubts and insecurities about marriage ; and all of their attitudes toward sex and sexual fantasies .
when an english cartographer must tell a welsh village that their mountain is only a hill the offended community sets out to change that .
come to a new house party where kid after a lifetime 'playing the field ' falls in love and is about to get married . 'play' plans to throw the rockin 'est bachelor party ever - until 'kid's' three wise -crackin' nephews come to town intent on showing 'kid' and 'play' what parties are all about ...
when waring hudsucker head of hugely successful hudsucker industries commits suicide his board of directors led by sidney mussberger comes up with a brilliant plan to make a lot of money : appoint a moron to run the company . when the stock falls low enough sidney and friends can buy it up for pennies on the dollar take over the company and restore its fortunes . they choose idealistic norville barnes who just started in the mail room . norville is whacky enough to drive any company to ruin but soon tough reporter amy archer smells a rat and begins an undercover investigation of hudsucker industries .
matt hobbs is a talented but unsuccessful actor . when estranged (and strange ) ex -wife beth dumps their daughter jeannie on matt father and daughter have a lot of adjusting to do . his budding relationship with attractive production assistant cathy breslow is made complicated while the precocious child is overly accustomed to getting her own way . matt eventually faces the choice of family vs career in a particularly difficult way .
bones and jack are two guys with very little going right in their lives . the two decide to join the army as part of the water purification team and eventually find themselves on the front lines in the conflict between the northern african countries of chad and libya . the two men along with a few companions have it upon themselves to save the day in combat something they know little about .
secret service agent frank horrigan couldn 't save kennedy but he 's determined not to let a clever assassin take out this president .
a small time thief from belfast gerry conlon is falsely implicated in the ira bombing of a pub that kills several people while he is in london . bullied by the british police he and four of his friends are coerced into confessing their guilt . gerry 's father and other relatives in london are also implicated in the crime . he spends years in prison with his father trying to prove his innocence with the help of a british attorney gareth peirce . based on a true story .
in drew tate is a young teenager who has trouble dealing with life after he accidentally sets his house on fire . his parents kenny and brenda decide to go to martha 's vineyard to spend fourth of july weekend with brenda 's sister francis francis ' black republican husband spencer and their son junior . while there drew falls for a self centered girl named lauren and befriends a married lady named heather . while on their vacation drew deals with his parents attempts to save their marriage as well as with his own troubles . eventually all of this leads to a life changing event for drew as well as his parents .
marriage pressure ? haven 't found the right person ? in love with the wrong person what 's love got to do with it ? tells real life stories of people like you and me ... who are simply looking ...
four pals are on their way to a boxing match but get stuck in heavy traffic . to get to the boxing match in time they take the first exit they find to find another way to the venue . as they are driving around lost in gang -land they get stuck and witness a brutal murder . the killer wants no witnesses and tries to kill them too . the four pals get away the first time but the killer is soon back on their tail again while they are trying to find help in the middle of nowhere .
huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs . john hammond has invited four individuals along with his two grandchildren to join him at jurassic park . but will everything go according to plan ? a park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island .
a journalist duo go on a tour of serial killer murder sites with two companions unaware that one of them is a serial killer himself .
zed has only just arrived in the beautiful paris and already he 's up to no good . having just slept with a call girl he spends a night on the town with his dangerous friends . they all decide to rob a bank the following day . there 's only one problem : zed 's call -girl zoe just happens to work at the bank which is to be robbed !
a straight laced propane salesman in arlen texas tries to deal with the wacky antics of his family and friends while also trying to keep his son in line .
the dog everyone loves now leaps into the in this all -new exciting updated version of lassie ! determined to start a new life in the country the turner family - dad stepmom little ...
young danny madigan is a big fan of jack slater a larger -than-life action hero played by arnold schwarzenegger . when his best friend nick the projectionist gives him a magic ticket to the new jack slater film danny is transported into slater 's world where the good guys always win . one of slater 's enemies benedict the hitman gets hold of the ticket and ends up in danny 's world where he realises that if he can kill schwarzenegger slater will be no more . slater and danny must travel back and stop him .
michael chapman was once a child tv star . but when he grew up he couldn 't get work . so he and his brother ed start their own talent agency that specializes in child acts . they can 't seem ...
lightning jack kane is an australian outlaw in the wild west . during a bungled bank robbery he picks up mute ben doyle as a hostage . the two become good friends with jack teaching ben how to rob banks while they plan jack 's last heist .
during the cultural revolution in china in the mid a french diplomat falls in love with a singer in the beijing opera . interwoven with allusions to the puccini opera "madama butterfly " a story of love and betrayal unfolds .
a young black woman discovers that her father was a sperm donor and if that weren 't bad enough he 's white .
a tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children . tracy teaches children andy 's a college professor . things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by jed a "know it all " doctor .
the story of a relationship between a teacher and his troubled pupil . justin mcleod is a former teacher who lives as a recluse on the edge of town . his face is disfigured from an automobile accident and fire ten years before in which a boy was incinerated and for which he was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . he is also suspected of being a pedophile . he is befriended by chuck igniting the town 's suspicion and hostility . mcleod instills in his protg a love of justice and freedom from prejudice which sustains chuck beyond the end of the film .
a middle -aged couple suspects foul play when their neighbor 's wife suddenly drops dead .
a young street hustler attempts to escape the rigors and temptations of the ghetto in a quest for a better life .
when terrorists seize control of an airliner an intelligence analyst accompanies a commando unit for a midair boarding operation .
a passionate telling of the story of sada abe a woman whose affair with her master led to a sexual obsession which then came to a violent end .
this darkly humorous film explores the personal psychic landscape of two lonely new yorkers . jackie and michael are coworkers at a large law firm who decide to meet at jackie 's for dinner ...
young lovers hero and claudio soon to wed conspire to get verbal sparring partners and confirmed singles benedick and beatrice to wed as well .
the story about the relationship between a manic depressive man mr jones and the female doctor who takes more than a professional interest in his treatment .
electrician gus gets the chance to fulfill a childhood dream by buying an old bowling -alley with some of his friends . unfortunately due to the alimony payments he has to make to his ...
eccentric actor daniel hillard is an amusing and caring father . but after a disastrous birthday party for his son daniel 's wife miranda draws the line and files a divorce . he can see his three children only once a week which doesn 't sit well with him . daniel also holds a job at a tv studio as a shipping clerk under the recommendation of his liason . but when miranda puts out an ad for a housekeeper daniel takes it upon himself to make a disguise as a scottish lady named mrs doubtfire . and daniel must also deal with miranda 's new boyfriend stu dunemyer .
johnny flees manchester for london to avoid a beating from the family of a girl he has raped . there he finds an old girlfriend and spends some time homeless spending much of his time ranting at strangers and meeting characters in plights very much like his own .
mr . miyagi is back and he takes a new pupil under his wing ; a troubled adolescent girl .
in their new overseas home an american family soon finds themselves caught in the middle of a coup and they frantically look for a safe escape from an environment where foreigners are being immediately executed .
young nobleman orlando is commanded by queen elizabeth i to stay forever young . miraculously he does just that . the film follows him as he moves through several centuries of british ...
andrew beckett a gay lawyer infected with aids is fired from his law firm in fear that they might contract aids from him . after andrew is fired in a last attempt for peace he sues his former law firm with the help of a homophobic lawyer joe miller . during the court battle miller sees that beckett is no different than anyone else on the gritty streets of the city of brotherly love sheds his homophobia and helps beckett with his case before aids overcomes him .
a mute woman is sent to new zealand along with her young daughter and prized piano for an arranged marriage to a wealthy landowner but is soon lusted after by a local worker on the plantation .
after witnessing the murder of her first and only boyfriend young justice decides to forget about college and become a south central los angeles hairdresser . avoiding friends the only way for her to cope with her depression is by composing beautiful poetry . on her way to a convention in oakland she is forced to ride with an independent -minded postal worker whom she has not gotten along with in the past . after various arguments between them and their friends they start to discover that their thoughts on violence socially and domestically are the same . justice may finally feel that she is not as alone as before .
cis one of the humans who have left the matrix is improving her skills in a virtual training program . all of the sudden she is joined by duo another human . after some sparring he begins a discussion about every human once in his life having doubts on making the right decision in leaving the matrix and with it a care free life . he assures nobody can listen to them since he blocked all communications with the interface . cis admits she had has doubts but duo admits to something even bigger . he wants to return to the matrix and cis should come with him even if she doesn 't want to .
the earth is invaded by stingray -shaped alien "slugs" that ride on people 's backs and control their minds .
in wbn a fourth radio network is about to take to america 's airwaves . as if the confusion of the premiere night wasn 't enough penny henderson the owner 's secretary must deal with an unhappy sponsor an overbearing boss and a soon -to-be ex -husband who desperately wants her back . as the broadcast begins a mysterious voice breaks the broadcast and suddenly members of the cast turn up dead . it 's up to her husband roger to find out whodunit as the police chase him through the halls of wbn .
a day in the life of a young couple burying their beloved dog . it 's a comedy .
a down -on-his-luck businessman desperately takes the only job offered - a teacher in the u .s. army . his mission : keep a ragtag bunch of underachieving misfits from flunking out of basic training ! be on alert as this unlikely new teacher and his underdog class unexpectedly inspire each other to be all they can be !
when an escort girl is found dead in the offices of a japanese company in la detectives web smith and john connor act as liaison between the company 's executives and the investigating cop tom graham .
a madcap portrayal of william lightbody 's stay at the health farm run by cereal king dr . john harvey kellogg . william 's wife eleanor has persuaded him to go to kellogg to have his system cleaned of impurities . kellogg is very unconventional and almost barbaric in his treatments .
the mega corporation omni consumer products is still bent on creating their pet project delta city to replace the rotting city of detroit . unfortunately the inhabitants of the area have no intention of abandoning their homes simply for desires of the company . to this end ocp have decided to force them to leave by employing a ruthless mercenary army to attack and harass them . an underground resistance begins and in this fight robocop must decide where his loyalties lie .
birth of a legend . following king richard 's death in france archer robin longstride along with will scarlett alan -a-dale and little john returns to england . they encounter the dying robert of locksley whose party was ambushed by treacherous godfrey who hopes to facilitate a french invasion of england . robin promises the dying knight he will return his sword to his father walter in nottingham . here walter encourages him to impersonate the dead man to prevent his land being confiscated by the crown and he finds himself with marian a ready -made wife . hoping to stir baronial opposition to weak king john and allow an easy french take -over godfrey worms his way into the king 's service as earl marshal of england and brutally invades towns under the pretext of collecting royal taxes . can robin navigate the politics of barons royals traitors and the french ?
detective jack grimaldi (gary oldman ) takes us through his shattered life after encountering the most deadly (and deceptive ) criminal he has ever had to deal with . it doesn 't help that grimladi is playing both sides against the middle . when he encounters demarkov (lena olin ) he thinks he can play her as he has all the other women in his life ...including his wife . but demarkov knows jack better than he knows himself . she plays him mercilessly all the while threatening to kill him when she tires of the game .
nazi skinheads in melbourne take out their anger on local vietnamese who are seen as threatening racial purity . finally the vietnamese have had enough and confront the skinheads in an all -out confrontation sending the skinheads running . a woman who is prone to epileptic seizures joins the skins ' merry band and helps them on their run from justice but is her affliction also a sign of impurity ?
ruby a young woman arrives in a florida resort town during the off season to make a fresh start . she gets work as a sales clerk in a souvineer shop run by mildred chambers . she dates and sleeps with ricky chambers mildred 's conceited son but breaks off with him when she finds she 's just another conquest . she gets involved with mike a left -wing greenhouse worker . as the seasons change ruby 's relationships with others and herself go through metamorphoses as she makes choices and discoveries establishing her own identity . a character study .
rudy grew up in a steel mill town where most people ended up working but wanted to play football at notre dame instead . there were only a couple of problems . his grades were a little low his athletic skills were poor and he was only half the size of the other players . but he had the drive and the spirit of people and has set his sights upon joining the team .
jean is young gay and promiscuous . only after he meets one or two women including laura does he come to realize his bisexuality . jean has to overcome a personal crisis (he is hiv -positive) and a tough choice between laura and his male lover samy .
oskar schindler is a vainglorious and greedy german businessman who becomes an unlikely humanitarian amid the barbaric german nazi reign when he feels compelled to turn his factory into a refuge for jews . based on the true story of oskar schindler who managed to save about jews from being gassed at the auschwitz concentration camp it is a testament to the good in all of us .
josh waitzkin is just a typical american boy interested in baseball when one day he challenges his father at chess and wins . showing unusual precocity at the outdoor matches at washington square in new york city he quickly makes friends with a hustler named vinnie who teaches him speed chess . josh 's parents hire a renowned chess coach bruce who teaches josh the usefulness of measured planning . along the way josh becomes tired of bruce 's system and chess in general and purposely throws a match leaving the prospects of winning a national championship in serious jeopardy .
kim joo -won (hyun-bin) is the dream of every woman . he is young rich handsome well -educated and the c .e.o. of a big department store ; however his bossiness and arrogance can not shield his heart from an unexpected and unlikely love . gil ra -im (ha ji -won) is a professional stunt actress . she drives fights and talks like a man . she is exactly the opposite of what kim joo -won looks for in a prospective wife : poor under -educated old from an ordinary family etc . when kim joo -won attempts to do a small favor for his famous singing cousin oska (yoon sang -hyun) - of course in return for a profitable business deal - he mistakes gil ra -im for the leading actress she 's currently stunt -doubling. from that moment on his comfortable and luxurious life unravels and the piercing love of this extra ordinary woman overtakes his life . as the story progresses fate love triangles magical potions class differences manipulative mothers corporate intrigue a dead fireman and a forgotten trauma make their life more complicated .
a sweet mother takes a little too much at heart for the defense of her family .
when a young soldier leaves for a mountain biking excursion he meets the girl of his dreams as well as a group of violent locals who want to see them dead at any cost .
c .s. lewis a world -renowned christian theologian writer and professor leads a passionless life until he meets a spirited poet from the u .s.
the day -to-day lives of a number of suburban los angeles residents .
quinn must prove himself worthy to take over for his friend and mentor who is retiring from one of the most important positions at their 'firm.'
a young reverend and his wife are on the way from england to australia to minister to their flock . the bishop asks him to visit an eccentric artist prone to sexual depictions and requests that he voluntarily withdraw a controversial work call "crucified venus " from his show . the minister who considers himself a progressive is shocked at the amoral atmosphere surrounding the painter his wife and the three models living at his estate . the minister 's wife is troubled also and has to deal with latent sexual urges while trying to remain loyal to her husband .
new yorkers ouisa and flan kittredge are upper class private art dealers pretentious but compassionate . their prized possession is a double sided kandinsky one side that represents control the other side chaos . they relay a story to their friends and acquaintances that over time becomes legendary . it is their encounter with a young black man who they had never met or heard of but who comes stumbling upon their front door one evening as they are courting an important investor geoffrey miller who could make them wealthy beyond what they could have dreamed . that black man is paul poitier who has just arrived in the city was just mugged outside their building and is sporting a minor knife wound to the abdomen . he is a friend of the kittredge 's children who are attending harvard but more importantly is the son of actor /director sidney poitier . tomorrow paul is meeting up with his father who is in town directing a movie of "cats". beyond the attraction of talking paul into getting them roles in the movie ouisa flan and geoffrey all end up being captivated by the charm charisma pedigree and eloquence of paul who the kittredges after tending to his wounds invite to stay the night . their encounter with paul ends up being an all too familiar story which they will soon learn and leads the kittredges on a search for paul after he leaves their abode the next morning . in that search ouisa in particular begins to view critically their life and just how much compassion they really have .
after his wife maggie passes away sam baldwin and his -year-old son jonah relocate from chicago to seattle to escape the grief associated with maggie 's death . eighteen months later sam is still grieving and can 't sleep . although jonah misses his mother he wants his father to get a new wife despite sam having not even contemplated dating again . on christmas eve sam (on jonah 's initiative ) ends up pouring his heart out on a national radio talk show about his magical and perfect marriage to maggie and how much he still misses her . among the many women who hear sam 's story and fall in love with him solely because of it is annie reed a baltimore -based newspaper writer . annie 's infatuation with sam 's story and by association sam himself is despite being already engaged . but annie 's relationship with her straight -laced fianc walter is unlike her dream love life in the movie an affair to remember she even writes to sam proposing they meet atop the empire state building on valentine 's day . back in seattle sam has received hundreds of letters from women wanting to meet him . jonah is excited by one letter in particular from baltimore and will do whatever he needs to to get his father and annie together . however old fashioned sam wants his future love life to be based on meeting a woman the traditional way and he in turn becomes infatuated with an unknown woman he spots a few times in seattle . will magic happen twice in sam 's life and if so will it be with this unknown woman or annie ?
carly norris is a book editor living in new york city who moves into the sliver apartment building . in the apartment building carly meets two of her new neighbors author jack lansford who ...
a blade runner must pursue and try to terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space and have returned to earth to find their creator .
country girl rebecca begins college in los angeles . there she meets crawl a student who is crazy unpredictable and wild . during the holidays she brings him with her home . her parents have never seen anything like him and are shocked when rebecca tells them that they are engaged to be married . two different worlds collide ...
a san francisco poet who fears commitment suspects his girlfriend may not be who she appears .
a serial killer is back in pittsburgh to torment the former homicide detective who was on his trail years before . tom hardy who has been relegated to water -way duty along with new partner jo christman navigate the three rivers looking for clues and discovering bodies . this time the victims are women tom knows he must find the killer to prove his innocence .
two brooklyn plumbers mario and luigi must travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from the evil dictator king koopa and stop him from taking over the world .
mason who lives on the streets wants to cease his life when on the same day his two best friends die : his dog and an older man with whom he shared his food and roof . just in time cole from a charity organization can prevent his suicide and also offers him a quite well paid job as servant for a hunting party in the rocky mountains . mason accepts the job and flies with them to a hut in the wilderness where they prepare everything for the four rich businessmen who want to hunt something special . mason does not yet know that he is the victim of their sports that should lead to the basic insticts of man but they did not count with his cleverness ...
a maverick skydiver and a former kgb agent team up to stop the russian mafia from stealing gold .
a collection of vignettes highlighting different aspects of the life work and character of the acclaimed canadian classical pianist .
eddy and stuart share two -thirds of a dormitory suite . due to bureaucratic error a woman named alex is added to their room . at first relations among the three are tense . soon however alex falls for eddy and stuart lusts after alex . eddy comes to realize not only that he 's gay but that he 's attracted to stuart . the three pledge not to act on any romantic (or lustful ) feelings with each other and become close friends . . . while bottling up a lot of sexual tension .
jack skellington the pumpkin king of halloween town is bored with doing the same thing every year for halloween . one day he stumbles into christmas town and is so taken with the idea of christmas that he tries to get the resident bats ghouls and goblins of halloween town to help him put on christmas instead of halloween -- but alas they can 't get it quite right .
state vs . religion in century france .
after success cleaning up dodge city wyatt earp moves to tombstone arizona and wishes to get rich in obscurity . he meets his brothers there as well as his old friend doc holliday . a band of outlaws that call themselves the cowboys are causing problems in the region with various acts of random violence and inevitably come into confrontation with holliday and the earps which leads to a shoot -out at the ok corral .
valerie is a juror in the trail of a mob boss . when her young son 's life is threatened she has no option other than to see that justice isn 't done .
in detroit clarence worley goes to the movie theater alone on the day of his birthday to watch some movies . the gorgeous alabama whitman accidentally drops her popcorn on clarence and they watch the movie together . later they go to a diner for pie and end up having a one night stand . in the morning alabama confesses that she is a call -girl hired to spend the night with him but she has fallen in love with him . in the morning they get married and clarence goes to the club where she worked to bring her some clothes . however her pimp drexl spivey and his partner beat up clarence and he reacts by killing them both . clarence asks for alabama 's suitcase with her clothes and the other girls mistakenly give another one with cocaine . when clarence discovers the mistake he decides to travel with alabama to the house of his friend the aspiring actor dick ritchie to sell the drug and travel to mexico . he visits his father clifford worley and gives his address to him . but the sicilian mafia is the owner of the drug and a group of killers are sent to hunt down clarnece and alabama .
filled with heart humor and wit war room follows tony and elizabeth jordan a couple who seemingly have it all -great jobs a beautiful daughter their dream home . but appearances can be deceiving . in reality their marriage has become a war zone and their daughter is collateral damage . with guidance from miss clara an older wiser woman elizabeth discovers she can start fighting for her family instead of against them . as the power of prayer and elizabeth 's newly energized faith transform her life will tony join the fight and become the man he knows he needs to be ? together their real enemy doesn 't have a prayer .
this is the story of a young boy named richard tyler who spouts statistics about the possibility of accidents . so much so he is scared to do anything that might endanger him like riding his bike or climbing into his treehouse . while riding his bike home richard finds shelter from a storm inside a nearby library . richard slips and is knocked unconscious while exploring a rotunda in the library . upon awakening he is led on a journey through conflicts and events that resemble fictional stories keeping him from finding the exit from the library .
pierre a professional dancer suffers from a serious heart disease . while he is waiting for a transplant which may (or may not ) save his life he has nothing better to do than look at the people around him from the balcony of his paris apartment . when elise his sister with three kids and no husband moves in to his place to care for him pierre does not change his new habits . and instead of dancing himself it is paris and the parisians who dance before his eyes .
loosely based on a true story killer elite pits two of the worlds ' most elite operatives - danny a ruthless killer -for-hire (jason statham ) and hunter his longtime mentor (robert de niro ) - against the cunning leader of a secret society of former special air service operatives ('clive owen '). covering the globe from australia to paris london and the middle east danny and hunter are plunged into a highly dangerous game of revenge and deception - where things are not always what they appear to be .
seventh -grade is no fun . especially for dawn weiner when everyone at school calls you 'dog-face' or 'wiener-dog.' not to mention if your older brother is 'king of the nerds ' and your younger sister is a cutesy ballerina who gets you in trouble but is your parents ' favorite . and that 's just the beginning --her life seems to be falling apart when she faces rejection from the older guy in her brother 's band that she has a crush on her parents want to tear down her 'special people 's club ' clubhouse and her sister is abducted ....
in mid -nineteenth-century northern france a coal mining town 's workers are exploited by the mine 's owner . one day they decide to go on strike and the authorities repress them .
a hapless navy grunt is assigned sp duty . the catch : he must escort a beautiful female prisoner on her way to prison for going ua . she in turn will try anything to escape .
a mysterious device designed to provide its owner with eternal life resurfaces after four hundred years leaving a trail of destruction in its path .
kika a young cosmetologist is called to the mansion of nicolas an american writer to make -up the corpse of his stepson ramon . ramon who is not dead is revived by kika 's attentions and she then moves in with him . they might live happily ever after but first they have to cope with kika 's affair with nicolas the suspicious death of ramon 's mother and the intrusive gaze of tabloid -tv star and ramon 's ex -psychologist andrea scarface .
a group of women of indian descent take a trip together from their home in birmingham england to the beach resort of blackpool . the women vary in ages from mid -teens to old and initially ...
when the owner of the minnesota twins dies suddenly his will bequeaths the team to his grandson billy a devotee of baseball who although only has devoured voluminous lore knows the team intimately and has shown an uncanny sixth sense of what they need to improve . they hate their manager so billy quickly fires the sob winning their instant approval . however this turns to dismay when he announces their new manager : billy heywood . how will billy convince a gang of proud tough men to stick around and take orders from a kid ? on the other hand what 's to lose -- the team has nowhere to go but up .
jeff is taking care of everything mark left behind when he died . mark was about to have a visitor andrea an italian guy he met online . both of them will have the chance to share memories of the mark they knew while knowing each other .
raymond aibelli is a promising medical student ready to begin a prestigious summer internship . but susan his mother is immobilized by a broken leg and his father tom a travelling salesman makes raymond stay home and take care of his mother an attractive though unhappy woman . his mother 's condition leads them to a degree of immediate physical contact which raymond finds disturbing . he soon meets toni a high school girl but his sexual impulses are increasingly confused especially since he is still upset over losing the internship .
toni whitney and her family adopt a baby sea lion . when it grows and starts getting into mischief it antagonizes some of the fisherman in the town . one of the fisherman billy baker is upset with the whitney 's because toni 's father harry was appointed harbor master instead of him partially because of the seal . but when the humorous antics of the sea lion attracts media attention further squeezing out mark and running down his business he gets even more upset .
bristol england early century . a beautiful young stranger who speaks a weird language is tried for the crime of begging . but when a man claims that he can translate her dialect it ...
a comprehensive documentary of the history of gays and lesbians in cinema from negative to positive reflections of gay characters and the troubles of actors and actresses .
the original t .v. family is now placed in the where they 're even more square and out of place than ever .
it is christmas time and the mccallister family is preparing for a vacation in paris france . but the youngest in the family named kevin got into a scuffle with his older brother buzz and was sent to his room which is on the third floor of his house . then the next morning while the rest of the family was in a rush to make it to the airport on time they completely forgot about kevin who now has the house all to himself . being home alone was fun for kevin having a pizza all to himself jumping on his parents ' bed and making a mess . then kevin discovers about two burglars harry and marv about to rob his house on christmas eve . kevin acts quickly by wiring his own house with makeshift booby traps to stop the burglars and to bring them to justice .
sam wheat is a banker molly jensen is an artist and the two are madly in love . however when sam is murdered by friend and corrupt business partner carl bruner over a shady business deal he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit . when he learns of carl 's betrayal sam must seek the help of psychic oda mae brown to set things right and protect molly from carl and his goons .
when a street urchin vies for the love of a beautiful princess he uses a genie 's magic power to make himself off as a prince in order to marry her .
over years have passed since the first cyborg called the terminator tried to kill sarah connor and her unborn son john connor . john connor the future leader of the human resistance is now a healthy young boy . however another terminator is sent back through time called the t which is more advanced and more powerful than its predecessor . the mission : to kill john connor when he 's still a child . however sarah and john do not have to face this threat of a terminator alone . another terminator is also sent back through time . the mission : to protect john and sarah connor at all costs . the battle for tomorrow has begun ...
lt . john dunbar exiled to a remote western civil war outpost befriends wolves and indians making him an intolerable aberration in the military .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
part documentary series following a year in the life of farmers during the foot & mouht outbreak in the united kingdom . nominated for an rts award .
snow white pursued by a jealous queen hides with the dwarfs ; the queen soon learns of this and prepares to feed her a poison apple .
belle whose father is imprisoned by the beast offers herself instead unaware her captor to be an enchanted prince .
a living puppet with the help of a cricket as his conscience must prove himself worthy to become a real boy .
because of his extreme wealth and suave good looks edward lewis could seemingly have any woman he wants that committed significant other which he needs on his arm at social events to further how he makes his money as a corporate raider . however he focuses more on his corporate raiding pursuits with his partner in crime philip stuckey his lawyer of ten years than those women with every significant other he 's had in his life feeling neglected and eventually leaving him this fact about which he is just coming to the realization . in beverly hills edward in needing that woman on his arms as he and philip work toward taking over the company owned by the increasingly insolvent james morse decides based on a chance encounter to hire hollywood boulevard hooker vivian ward as his escort for the week he does so because he wants to have a professional who would be committed to the work yet not have any commitments to her after the week is over . beyond their chance encounter he also makes this decision because she surprises him about unhookerish she is in certain respects . vivian relatively new to los angeles and the business still has to look and act the part with edward beyond giving her money leaving her largely to her own devices to do so . so she gets a somewhat unlikely henry higgins in barney thompson the manager of the beverly wilshire hotel where edward is staying . barney has to draw that fine line of keeping the hotel 's upscale clients happy while maintaining the posh decorum of the upper class which does not include people coming into the hotel looking for rooms with hourly rates . as barney and his associates are able to transform vivian into a cinderella the questions become whether vivian can go back to her hollywood boulevard life and whether she does have her prince charming beyond this week in the form of edward or anyone else who truly does see her as cinderella as opposed to a hollywood boulevard streetwalker .
in the wild bunch the movie opens with a group of aging outlaw 's final score a bank robbery . the event concludes with a violent and overtly bloody shootout that would generally mark the finale of a movie . this is correct in that it marks the finale of an era for the characters and the world they live in . they simply can no longer keep up the times are changing technology advancing and they 're style of life is getting left behind in the dust that they spent so long galloping through . they abandon their careers for the simpler life of retirement . they enjoy this time they live their fantasies . during this time the law is always on their tracks bounty hunters . the further into their fantasy they get the closer their demise seems to get . when one of their own is captured they are faced with the choice of escape or what is certainly a suicide mission to attempt and free their fallen behind comrade . for them it is not a choice . they all die in what can only be described as a nauseatingly gore filled bloodbath of a battle . they might have succeeded in removing themselves from the wild west however they could not be separated what is inherently their nature . the west was only wild because the wild bunch were present they influenced their surroundings not the other way around . it is only after the final shoot out that the bounty hunters catch up with them now only bullet riddled corpses . they never got caught they could never get caught because they were already trapped in their own personalities . they turned themselves in to their instincts . the vacation the fantasy was bound to end and they knew it .
watty has made a living out of robbing convenience stores but after one of these job turned into murder by his partner the psychopath billy mack he is on the run with his fianc starlene and with both billy mack the police and some loansharks on his trail . their plan is to go to mexico but before they do that they want to get married and visit starlenes parents .
a young girl lives with her mother and her cat . one day the cat has several kittens . the mother gathers them up after a few days and she and the girl go for a walk with the kittens . all ...
melanie parker an architect and mother of sammy and jack taylor a newspaper columnist and father of maggie are both divorced . they meet one morning when overwhelmed jack is left ...
the candyman a murderous soul with a hook for a hand is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster 's myth .
jerry works in his father -in-law's car dealership and has gotten himself in financial problems . he tries various schemes to come up with money needed for a reason that is never really explained . it has to be assumed that his huge embezzlement of money from the dealership is about to be discovered by father -in-law. when all else falls through plans he set in motion earlier for two men to kidnap his wife for ransom to be paid by her wealthy father (who doesn 't seem to have the time of day for son -in-law). from the moment of the kidnapping things go wrong and what was supposed to be a non -violent affair turns bloody with more blood added by the minute . jerry is upset at the bloodshed which turns loose a pregnant sheriff from brainerd mn who is tenacious in attempting to solve the three murders in her jurisdiction .
shadow sassy and chance have to find their way home after they become stranded at the san francisco international airport as their owners fly to canada on vacation .
a glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a collection of stories of dark fantasy eroticism and horror .
clive barker 's feature directing debut graphically depicts the tale of a man and wife who move into an old house and discover a hideous creature - the man 's half -brother who is also the woman 's former lover - hiding upstairs . having lost his earthly body to a trio of s &m demons the cenobites he is brought back into existence by a drop of blood on the floor . he soon forces his former mistress to bring him his necessary human sacrifices to complete his body ... but the cenobites won 't be happy about this .
in the wake of the death of zeus -the-cat appalachian poet and songwriter eric morder ponders his relationship with his beloved pet . eric previously appeared in the documentary 'half a bee .'
a mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he 's hiding a terrible secret .
a young wealthy club kid 's life spirals downward into an out -of-control world of drugs sex and violence .
italian immigrant tries to become a member of swiss society but fails as a waiter and even as a chicken plucker . he then becomes involved with shady wealthy character and tries to hide his italian identity . he refuses to give up no matter how awful his situation .
retired madame adelaide bonfamille enjoys the good life in her paris villa with even classier cat duchess and three kittens : pianist berlioz painter toulouse and sanctimonious marie . when loyal butler edgar overhears her will leaves everything to the cats until their death he drugs and kidnaps them . however retired army dogs make his sidecar capsize on the country . crafty stray cat thomas o 'malley takes them under his wing back to paris . edgar tries to cover his tracks and catch them at return but more animals turn on him from the cart horse frou -frou to the tame mouse roquefort and o 'malley's jazz friends .
leo macias writes sentimental novels with great success but hidden under a pseudonym amanda gris . she is unhappy with her professional life and with her husband a soldier working in brussels and bosnia that is never at home . she will try anything to change her life .
a trained chimpanzee plays third base for a minor -league baseball team .
a meeting of two world famous climbers one an experienced mountaineer (roccia) the other a sport climber (martin) results in a bet on which of the two is the best climber . roccia states that martin wouldn 't survive on a 'real' climbing expedition although he is the indoor 'world champion '. then they both plan to climb the 'cerro torre ' in the patagonia region of south america near the argentinian /chilean border one of the world 's most difficult mountains especially considering the extreme weather conditions in the area . the journalist ivan using the rivalry for media exploitation is joining them and reporting . the rivalry among the two men results eventually in the death of a common friend . martin claims to have been at the top of 'cerro torre ' but can 't proof it . then martin 'steals' roccia 's girlfriend (katrina) who feels lonely and under appreciated by roccia . after some time the two men meet again at 'cerro torre ' and the rivalry results in a 'climb against time ' in which martin and roccia each attempt different routes up the mountain in a race to the summit . but they 're in for a surprise ...
old woman berthe leaves her house to live in her daugter emilie 's one . emilie and her brother antoine have fallen out three years ago and have not seen each other since but emilie invites ...
an observable fast -talking party man darnell wright gets his punishment when one of his conquests takes it personally and comes back for revenge in this 'fatal attraction '-esque comic thriller .
courtroom thriller about a slick hotshot lawyer who takes the seemingly unwinnable case of a young altar boy accused of murdering an eminent catholic priest .
joseph svenden is a middle -aged schoolteacher who lives on a farm with his dying mother . in his simple life there are no excitements even in long -time relationship with a widow . however ...
charlie and itchy have return to earth to find gabriel 's horn but along the way they meet up with a sweet young boy named david who ran away from home . and a beautiful irish setter named sasha lafleur set them straight . but time is running out and if charlie is going to secure the valuable horn he will have to prove himself worthy of his wings by taking on two incredible villains in a hair -raising breathtaking race to the finish !
spring a young unemployed communist david leaves his hometown liverpool to join the fight against fascism in spain . he joins an international group of militia -men and women the poum (partido obrero de unificacin marxista ). after being wounded he goes to barcelona where he decides to join another group of fighters . they remain in barcelona and end up fighting other anti -fascist groups . david is disappointed and decides to go back to his old band .
a group of friends in new york working away at their pcs and laptops keep in touch exclusively by phone and fax . they are all too busy to meet face to face . gale plays matchmaker by phone to jerry and barbara who in turn hit it off beautifully ...via phone and fax . martin gets a telephone call from someone he 's never met . it 's denise with some extraordinary news . tapping away at his computer all the while he develops a sort of friendship with denise ...via phone . and so it goes as the friends tap tap tapping away share news hopes and dreams ...via phone and fax . finally gale has an unfortunate encounter with a phone denise has some more news for martin and frank plans a gala new year 's eve party but will he answer the door ?
earl pilcher jr . runs an equipment rental outfit in arkansas lives with his wife and kids and parents and rarely takes off his gimme cap . his mother dies leaving a letter explaining he 's not her natural son but the son of a black woman who died in childbirth ; plus he has a half brother ray in chicago she wants him to visit . earl makes the trip initially receiving a cold welcome from ray and ray 's son virgil . his birth mother 's sister aunt t . an aged and blind matriarch takes earl in tow and insists that the family open up to him .
sgt . bilko is in charge of the motor pool at an army base . he 's also a good -natured con man providing gambling facilities for the soldiers on base . when an old enemy from his past shows up ...
this spike lee film examines the life of an aspiring actress in new york . she is upset by the treatment of women in the movie industry during one of her screen tests with 'qt'. out of work ...
the wife and mistress of a sadistic boarding school headmaster plot to kill him . they drown him in the bathtub and dump the body in the school 's filthy swimming pool ... but when the pool is drained the body has disappeared - and subsequent reported sightings of the headmaster slowly drive his 'killers' (and the audience ) up the wall with almost unbearable suspense ...
the pilot of a rescue copter captain karen walden died shortly before her helicopter crew was rescued after it crashed in desert storm . it first appears that she made a spectacular rescue of a downed helicopter crew then held her own crew together to fight off the iraqis after her copter crashed . lt . colonel serling who is struggling with his own demons from desert storm is assigned to investigate her worthiness for the medal of honor . but some conflicting accounts from her crew and soldiers in the area cause him to question whether she deserves it .
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
the daughter of a thief young moll is placed in the care of a nunnery after the execution of her mother . however the actions of an abusive priest lead moll to rebel as a teenager escaping to the dangerous streets of london . further misfortunes drive her to accept a job as a prostitute from the conniving mrs . allworthy . it is there that moll first meets hibble who is working as allworthy 's servant but takes a special interest in the young woman 's well -being. with his help she retains hope for the future ultimately falling in love with an unconventional artist who promises the possibility of romantic happiness .
franziska is kind of a romantic woman with two children and a husband who is working around the globe as a movie director . when she wants to buy a flat some day she gets in contact with enno winkel a fanatic lawyer who 's hobby are divorces . before she even realizes what is happening enno winkel initiates her divorce ...
the last dragon and a disillusioned dragonslaying knight must cooperate to stop an evil king who was given partial immortality .
eddie is a new york limo driver and a fanatical follower of the new york knicks professional basketball team . the team is struggling with a mediocre record when in mid -season "wild bill " burgess the new owner as a public relations gimmick stages an 'honorary coach ' contest which eddie wins . the fans love it so "wild bill " fires the coach and hires her . she takes the bunch of overpaid prima donnas that make up the team and turns them around . but the owner hopes to move the team now the darling of the new york fans to st . louis . he may own the team but it belongs to the city and the fans !
tom ripley is sent to europe by mr . greenleaf to fetch his spoiled playboy son philippe and bring him back home to the states . in return tom will receive philippe toys with tom pretending he will go back home but has no intentions of leaving his bride to be marge and honoring his father 's wishes . after some time passes mr . greenleaf considers the mission a failure and cuts tom off . tom in desperation kills philippe assumes his identity and lives the life of a rich playboy . however he will need all his conman abilities to keep philippe 's friends and the police off the trail .
james ' happy life at the english seaside is rudely ended when his parents are killed by a rhinoceros and he goes to live with his two horrid aunts . daringly saving the life of a spider he comes into possession of magic boiled crocodile tongues after which an enormous peach starts to grow in the garden . venturing inside he meets not only the spider but a number of new friends including a ladybug and a centipede who help him with his plan to try and get to new york .
nicole walker is the average year old girl ; wants to have fun and dreams of her prince charming . when her and her best friend margot appear at a party she meets older bad boy david . everything seems to be going so well and nicole and david become a couple . nicole 's family like david and she decides she loves him enough to give herself to him one night after a date . however as soon as they became official david has become a possessive and jealous boyfriend . he even beats up one of nicole 's close male friends when he is seen giving her a hug at the end of school . after this dark event nicole never wants to see david again but he tries his hardest to make sure nicole will take him back . soon enough she forgives him and things seem to be going well again until a sick situation involving nicole 's best friend margot turns to her and david breaking up again . this time david is not taking any chances with not being with nicole so him and his friends go into her family home and attempt to take nicole . will david get nicole or will she and her family hold back and get rid of david 's sick craving for nicole ?
a team of scientists working for a pharmaceutical company discovers a cure for depression . when the company finds itself in trouble financially they rush the new drug into production without doing enough testing . things seem to go fine until some of the users of the drug start slipping into comas . it becomes a race between the scientists who want to tell the world the truth and the company 's marketing department who wants to protect their profit margin .
for their wedding anniversary jack gets maggie a diamond necklace and a hit man . but when tony shows up and waiting for the signal from jack in connecticut to do the hit he and maggie begin to talk - perhaps tony can come to value maggie even more than her husband does . and when jack shows up things get very tricky .
the story follows an underground weapons manufacturer in belgrade during wwii and evolves into fairly surreal situations . a black marketeer who smuggles the weapons to partisans doesn 't ...
after thief alex cardo gets caught while stealing an ancient katana in east asia he soon finds himself imprisoned and beaten up by the crowd there . especially one of the guards demien feels upset by alex appearance and tortures him as often as he gets the opportunity . alex finds one friend and mentor in the jailhouse master sun who teaches him a superior fighting style called iron hand . when a 'best of the best kumite ' is to take place demien gets an invitation . now master sun and alex need to find a way to let alex take part in the kumite too .
this final installment in satyajit ray 's apu trilogy follows apu 's life as an orphaned adult aspiring to be a writer as he lives through poverty and the unforeseen turn of events .
in the not -too-distant future a man and his robots are trapped aboard the satellite of love where mad scientists force them to sit through the worst movies ever made .
in a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom the looney tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion michael jordan .
in the distant future a highly sexual woman is assigned with finding and stopping the evil durand -durand. along the way she encounters various unusual people .
twenty -five years after commiting a double murder karl childers is going to be released from an institution for the criminally insane . a local reporter comes to talk to him and after some fussing about her gender the institution 's director lets her talk to karl (after all he 'll have to talk to women after his release ). karl talks about his life leading up to the crime and the reporter listens in horror .
in a small village on the border of northern ireland and the republic of ireland the relationship between a short tempered policeman and his rebellious son becomes even more strenuous when the young man falls for a "wrong" girl .
lemmy caution an american private -eye arrives in alphaville a futuristic city on another planet . his very american character is at odds with the city 's ruler an evil scientist named von braun who has outlawed love and self -expression.
in a french african colony . lucien cordier is the cop of this village populated with blacks and a few whites (usually racialist and lustful ). he is a washout everyone (including his wife huguette ) humiliates him . he never arrests anyone and looks at elsewhere when a dirty trick occurs . but one day he turns into a machiavellian exterminating angel .
you won 't leave me will you ? nick asks brandon shortly after revealing to him the results of his last blood test for hiv . "i don 't want to die alone ." in spite of brandon 's protestations the two soon find the love they had shared for many years in ruins . one year after their breakup nick is confronted with a ravaged immune system and a ct scan and lab values which along with his worsening forgetfulness clenches the diagnosis of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml) -- a condition he has seen claim his friends and one which he vows will not take him . due to the aggressive nature of the disease he has only a few days of conscious life remaining . his plan he announces to family and "extended family " is to voluntarily end his life himself before the disease renders him unrecognizable to those he loves and he in turn is unable to recognize them . uninvited to the farewell party brandon 's presence is greeted with jeers from those who see him as having abandoned nick is his time of greatest need .
adaptation of chekhov 's "uncle vanya " set in rural australia in the 's. jack dickens and his niece sally run the family farm to support brother -in-law alexander as a (supposedly brilliant ) literary critic in london . action begins when alexander returns with his beautiful young wife deborah revealing himself as an arrogant failure and wanting to sell the farm out from under jack . blakemore introduces themes about australia 's separation from england as well as expanding the pacifist and ecological philosophies espoused by the local doctor max askey .
during the vietnam war a village that american forces are using to spy on the ho chi minh trail has its sacred elephant killed by the north vietnamese army because they were cooperating with the americans . the villagers need an elephant for a ceremony that will occur within the week . captain sam cahill an easygoing man who is heading home and his hotheaded replacement captain tc doyle scrounge up another elephant with the help of sneaky supply chief warrant officer david poole luckless farmboy lawrence farley and short -timer harvey ashford and transport it across south vietnam to get it to the village on time running into all sorts of transport problems personality conflicts and an nva squad that wants the americans out of the village .
the film tells about members of finnish women 's lotta service during the second world war through the eyes of three young women .
connie doyle is eighteen and pregnant when her boyfriend kicks her out . she accidentally ends up on a train where she meets hugh winterbourne and his wife patricia who is pregnant . the ...
mario van peebles stars as an android killing weapon designed by the military and utilized to enter into a latin american war to destroy the rebels - natives fighting simply to maintain ...
a substitute in the french soccer team for the world cup films himself explaining how it feels to be on a winning team and not playing .
can an over -the-hill journalist uncover the evidence that can prove a death row inmate 's innocence just hours before his execution ?
eunice is walking along the highways of northern england from one filling station to another . she is searching for judith the woman she says to be in love with . it 's bad luck for the women at the cash desk not to be judith because eunice is eccentric angry and extreme dangerous . one day she meets miriam hard of hearing and a little ingenuous who feels sympathy for eunice and takes her home . miriam is very impressed by eunice 's fierceness and willfulness and follows her on the search for judith . shocked by eunice 's cruelty she tries to make her a better person but she looses ground herself .
freddie is a former stripper marrying sam to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner red . but freddie is in love with jjaks sam 's brother . jjaks and freddie run off together and sam finds where they have been hiding and calls the cops . meanwhile someone calls to blackmail sam and jjaks . in the end will it all work out ?
an american writer in paris starts writing erotic fiction . from encouragement from her friends her lover and her publisher she gets involved in nude modeling and progresses onward through many other forms of voyeuristic and participatory sexual adventures . contains full frontal nudity and simulated sex lots of sexual dialogue and profanity .
a miserable fat teenager secretly has a crush on the class beauty ends up becoming the surprising participant to dance with her at a high school dance meaning he 's got to get his act together with the help of his best friend .
richard forst has grown old . one night he leaves his wife for jeannie rapp a young woman who does not like friendship . meanwhile richard 's wife maria is seduced by chet a kind young man from detroit ... a film about the meaningless of life for a certain kind of wealthy middle -aged people .
a sexually awakening gay teen athlete finds himself in a budding relationship with his mutually attracted relay race teammate .
a being made of sand wakes up in the desert . it finds a bottle near him but it 's empty . the noise of dropping water can be heard not far away . when the being finds the place the ground ...
lewis is a young sydney amateur theater director at his first experience : he is offered a job with a governmental program for the rehabilitation of mentally ill patients in a sydney institution for mentally ill . his project is overrun by one of the patients roy who wants to put on stage cosi fan tutte (mozart). none of the patients in the cast is able to sing and none of them knows italian which is the language of the libretto . through a lot of difficulties lewis and his cast develop a deep understanding . the play smartly adapted for the unusual cast is finally produced : lots of unforeseen situations solved 'a la crazy way 'but indeed brilliantly . great success and sad farewell of the director from his cast .
janeane garofalo plays dr . abby barnes the "truth about cats and dogs " radio question -and-answer show host who unwittingly entices a listener over the radio with her soothing voice and personality . this listener brian tries to meet the abby from the radio but noelle played by uma thurman is mistaken for the real thing when brian comes to the studio . instead of clearing things up right away the self -conscious abby allows her best friend noelle a tall stunning blonde to take her place for a while . abby takes on the made -up persona of donna while thinking brian would never go for her a short cute brunette who thinks she 's unattractive . as the real abby woos brian over the phone and radio noelle the pseudo -abby takes her place in the flesh . as time goes on abby feels more and more confident that brian would rather have the beautiful noelle than the simply attractive abby .
inspired by charles dickens ' "oliver twist ". a homeless kitten named oliver roams the streets of new york where he is taken in by a gang of homeless mutts who survive by stealing from others . during one of these criminal acts oliver meets a wealthy young girl named jenny foxworth . this meeting will forever change his life .
two over -loyal celtic fans kidnap their opponent 's star player in order to guarantee their team the championship .
sandy ricks is sent by his mom to coral key a rustic island in the florida keys to spend the summer with his uncle porter ricks . sandy dislikes everything about his new environment until a new friend comes into his life a dolphin named flipper that brings uncle and nephew together and leads sandy on the summer adventure of a lifetime .
dead man is the story of a young man 's journey both physically and spiritually into very unfamiliar terrain . william blake travels to the extreme western frontiers of america sometime in the half of the century . lost and badly wounded he encounters a very odd outcast native american named "nobody" who believes blake is actually the dead english poet of the same name . the story with nobody 's help leads william blake through situations that are in turn comical and violent . contrary to his nature circumstances transform blake into a hunted outlaw a killer and a man whose physical existence is slowly slipping away . thrown into a world that is cruel and chaotic his eyes are opened to the fragility that defines the realm of the living . it is as though he passes through the surface of a mirror and emerges into a previously -unknown world that exists on the other side .
in a time of war and disease a young officer gallantly tries to help a young woman find her husband .
after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation georgia perry 's -foot sloop is becalmed for several days . cabin fever sets in and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . but if these are just tricks of the mind how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ?
a man who never has enough time for the things he wants to do is offered the opportunity to have himself duplicated .
how was it possible that a movie like "plan from outerspace " could be made ? this documentary about ed wood jr .'s masterpiece gives the answer .
a new girl moves to a new city with her family to start a new life . she meets up with the girls who are very interested in the occult and together the four of them have a seemingly unstopable power . they can do anything from getting thier dream guys to like them to ... the possibilities are limitless .
when the champ 's promoter rev . sultan decides something new is needed to boost the marketability of the boxing matches he searches and finds the only man to ever beat the champ . the ...
upon taking a new job young lawyer rick hayes is assigned to the clemency case of cindy liggett a woman convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to death . as hayes investigates the ...
in england in the early 's year old flora poste recently orphaned and left with only pounds a year goes to stay with distant relatives on cold comfort farm . everyone on the gloomy farm is completely around the twist but flora tries to sort everything out ...
a hardened new orleans cop dave robicheaux finally tosses in the badge and settles into life on the bayou with his wife . but a bizarre plane crash draws him back into the fray when his family is viciously threatened .
stanley goodspeed who lives in washington d .c. is a biochemist who works for the fbi . soon after his fiance carla pestalozzi announces that she is pregnant stanley gets a call from fbi director james womack . womack tells stanley that san francisco 's alcatraz island has been taken hostage along with tourists by marine general francis xavier hummel who for years has been protesting the government 's refusal to pay benefits to families of war veterans who died during covert military operations . the death of his wife barbara hummel on march drove general hummel over the edge and now he 's holding hostages in order to get his point across . stanley is needed because general hummel has stolen some vx gas warheads and has announced that he will launch them onto san francisco unless his demands are met . stanley knows how to disarm the bombs but stanley needs someone who knows alcatraz well enough to get him inside . that man is former british intelligence agent john patrick mason who has been in prison for the past years without a trial because he was accused of stealing the private files of j . edgar hoover . in john became the only inmate ever to escape from alcatraz and he stayed out of alcatraz long enough to father a daughter named jade angelou . despite his extreme hatred of the fbi john agrees to help stanley . when john and stanley are sent into alcatraz with a navy seal team general hummel 's men kill the entire seal team leaving stanley and john to work on their own to rescue the hostages .
this movie is based on a novel of tiziano sclavi and it always reflects the "sclavian philosophy " diffused by the most succesful comics in italy : dylan dog the detective of the nightmare . there is the duality between love and dead (in italian "dellamore" means "of love " and "dellamorte" means "of death ") a duality that dellamorte feels in a really hard way . he is the guardian of the cemetery of buffalora a little town in the north of italy in which we don 't know why corpses rise from tombs and dellamorte has to destroy them . dellamorte seems not to ask to himself why this happen he shoots and loves . but at the end he wants to leave buffalora ...
tv weatherman bill harding is trying to get his tornado -hunter wife jo to sign divorce papers so he can marry his girlfriend melissa . but mother nature in the form of a series of intense storms sweeping across oklahoma has other plans . soon the three have joined the team of stormchasers as they attempt to insert a revolutionary measuring device into the very heart of several extremely violent tornados .
in the early century the usa is in the wake of the second civil war . the whole country is in a constant state of emergency . what was formerly called the american congress now rules the country with fascistic methods . there is only one free city left steel harbor a coastal california industrial town which is headquarters for the resistance . this is the home town of barb wire owner of the hammerhead nightclub . as times aren 't good barb has a second job . she 's a bounty hunter and you probably wouldn 't want her after you . barb 's credo is to never take sides for anybody and that 's the only way to survive these days in the crime -ridden streets of steel harbor . one evening her former lover axel hood appears at the club asking for a favor to help him and his lover cora d flee the country to canada barb suddenly finds herself to be key player on high political stage . now she has to take sides .
a cyborg policewoman and her partner hunt a mysterious and powerful hacker called the puppet master .
a fat lawyer finds himself growing "thinner" when an old gypsy man places a hex on him . now the lawyer must call upon his friends in organized crime to help him persuade the gypsy to lift the curse . time is running out for the desperate lawyer as he draws closer to his own death and grows ever thinner .
general rancor is threatening to destroy the world with a missile he is hiding at his secret base . but to complete his goal he needs a special computer chip invented by the scientist prof . ukrinsky . special agent dick steele is assigned to the case in order to prevent the worst . he teams up with ukrinsky 's daughter veronique who happens to be a kgb agent .
lawyer joe morse wants to consolidate all the small -time numbers racket operators into one big powerful operation . but his elder brother leo is one of these small -time operators who wants to stay that way preferring not to deal with the gangsters who dominate the big -time.
an incredibly dull -witted family unknowingly stumble upon an illegal weapons deal while on the trail of their "stolen" garbage .
when mysterious spacecraft touch down across the globe an elite team - led by expert linguist louise banks - is brought together to investigate . as mankind teeters on the verge of global war banks and the team race against time for answers - and to find them she will take a chance that could threaten her life and quite possibly humanity .
paranoid brigadier general jack d . ripper of burpelson air force base believing that fluoridation of the american water supply is a soviet plot to poison the u .s. populace is able to deploy through a back door mechanism a nuclear attack on the soviet union without the knowledge of his superiors including the chair of the joint chiefs of staff general buck turgidson and president merkin muffley . only ripper knows the code to recall the b bombers and he has shut down communication in and out of burpelson as a measure to protect this attack . ripper 's executive officer raf group captain lionel mandrake (on exchange from britain ) who is being held at burpelson by ripper believes he knows the recall codes if he can only get a message to the outside world . meanwhile at the pentagon war room key persons including muffley turgidson and nuclear scientist and adviser a former nazi named dr . strangelove are discussing measures to stop the attack or mitigate its blow -up into an all out nuclear war with the soviets . against turgidson 's wishes muffley brings soviet ambassador alexi de sadesky into the war room and get his boss soviet premier dimitri kisov on the hot line to inform him of what 's going on . the americans in the war room are dismayed to learn that the soviets have an as yet unannounced doomsday device to detonate if any of their key targets are hit . as ripper mandrake and those in the war room try and work the situation to their end goal major t .j. "king" kong one of the b bomber pilots is working on his own agenda of deploying his bomb where ever he can on enemy soil if he can 't make it to his intended target .
for years miss bentley has been spending april at an elegant hillside villa on lake como . this year her london society artist father has recently died and the only other english -speaking guests are brash americans . then major wilshaw arrives . he suggests they meet for cocktails and miss bentley stands him up -- not even thinking about it -- as she helps the new nanny of an italian family settle in . miss beaumont a tall young american who has dropped out of finishing school in switzerland is bored and finds some amusement in flirting with the major whose libido is awakened for the first time since before the great war . and miss bentley now finds more about the major to admire than his ears .
what happens when prey and predator are both trapped on a luxury cruise ship ? two gold digging girls bella and intan come face to face with three datuks three datuk 's wives two datuk 's children one private detective and one diehard fan of bella 's. who are the predators and who are the prey ? on a voyage that 's full of surprises anything can happen !
kim a young boy living on his own on the streets of india is actually the son of a british officer . he meets a lama a holy man and devotes himself to his tending . but when british administrators discover his birthright he is placed in a british school . his nature however is opposed to the regimentation expected for the son of a british soldier and he rebels . his familiarity with indian life and his ability to pass as an indian child allows him to function as a spy for the british as they attempt to thwart revolution and invasion of india . rejoining his holy man kim (with the help of daring adventurer mahbub ali ) takes on a dangerous mission .
short documentary about carmen miranda with some of her songs rare footage of the "lost" film "banana-da-terra" and scenes of her funeral in .
ou -yang feng lives in the middle of a desert where he acts as a middle man to various swordsmen in ancient china . one of those swordsmen is huang yao -shi who has found some magic wine that causes one to forget the past . at another time huang met mu -rong yin and under the influence of drink promised to marry mu -rong's sister mu -rong yang . huang jilts her and mu -rong yin hires ou -yang to kill huang . but then mu -rong yang hires ou -yang to protect huang . this is awkward because mu -rong yang and mu -rong yin are in reality the same person . other unrelated plot lines careen about . among them is ou -yang's continuing efforts to destroy a band of horse thieves . oy -yang recruits another swordsman a man who is going blind and wants to get home to see his wife before his sight goes completely . the swordsman is killed . ou -yang then meets another swordsman who doesn 't like wearing shoes . oy -yang sends this man after the horse thieves with better results . we then find out what a man must give up to follow the martial path .
a film about the work of the artist most famous for her monuments such as the vietnam memorial wall and the civil rights fountain memorial .
a depiction of the brutal battle of stalingrad the third reich 's 'high water mark ' as seen through the eyes of german officer hans von witzland and his battalion .
ed harris plays the captain of a cold war soviet missile submarine who has secretly been suffering from seizures that alter his perception of reality . forced to leave his wife and daughter he is rushed into a classified mission where he is haunted by his past and challenged by a rogue kgb group (led by david duchovny ) bent on seizing control of the ship 's nuclear missile . with the fate of humanity in his hands harris discovers he 's been chosen for this mission in the belief he would fail . 'phantom' is a suspense submarine thriller about extraordinary men facing impossible choices .
erin grant loses care and custody of her daughter when she 's divorced from her husband darrell a small -time thief . struggling for money she is a dancer at a nightclub where one night congressman dilbeck (in disguise ) attacks another member of the audience . a spectator who recognizes dilbeck and is fond of erin offers to get back her daughter by blackmailing dilbeck . things do not work out as planned though .
victor is a cook who works in a greasy bar /restaurant owned by his mother dolly . it 's just the two of them a waitress named delores and a heavy drinking regular leo . but things change when callie a beautiful college drop -out shows up as a new waitress and steals victor 's heart . but victor is too shy to do anything about it and too self -consciously overweight to dream of winning callie away from her demanding boyfriend jeff . victor 's terrible loneliness overwhelms him when he has to face losing what he loves the most .
because of an unusual aging disorder that has aged him four times faster than a normal human being a boy enters the fifth grade for the first time with the appearance of a year old man .
based on the true story of valerie solanas who was a radical preaching hatred toward men in her "scum" manifesto . she wrote a screenplay for a film that she wanted andy warhol to produce but he continued to ignore her . so she shot him . this is valerie 's story .
after his mother 's death collin fenwick goes to live with his father 's cousins the wealthy avaricious and controlling verena talbo and her compliant earthy sister dolly . when a city ...
one of the most famous divas in the cinema of the .
three directors each adapt a poe short story to the screen : "toby dammit " features a disheveled drugged and drunk english movie star who nods acceptance in the italian press and his producers fawn over him . "metzengerstein" features a mediveal countess who has a love -hate relationship with a black stallion - who it turns out is really her dead lover . "william wilson " tells the story of a sadistic austrian student with an exact double whom he later kills .
renton deeply immersed in the edinburgh drug scene tries to clean up and get out despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends .
gwen grows up with her romantic mother constantly telling her the story of her courtship and marriage to her father . nick grows up with an alcoholic father who can 't hold a job and whose family as a result is forced to move all the time . the two are shaped by this - gwen a romantic and nick withdrawn unsure of himself - as they watch the hugely popular sixties sitcom "one big happy family ." years later it is the star of that show now a child actor gone bad with a history of detox and people always saying "i thought she was dead " francesca lanfield who connects the two of them after years of near -misses and almost encounters . gwen is hired to ghost -write francesca 's autobiography while nick becoming her lover is the architect who is to design a building on francesca 's property . when gwen decides to crusade to save francesca 's building she writes letters to the newspaper which catches nick 's attention - and wins his heart .
the aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy earth . fighting superior technology mankind 's best weapon is the will to survive .
after her mother commits suicide nineteen year old lucy harmon travels to italy to have her picture painted . however she has other reasons for wanting to go . she wants to renew her ...
in a world of labels it 's easy to forget who made sportsmen pop singers and matinee idols into stars superstars and megastars - the fans . every fan has their own personal relationship with their hero - it 's almost a love story . fan is the story of gaurav (shah rukh khan ) a young man something whose world revolves around the mega movie star aryan khanna (shah rukh khan ) or god as he refers to him . from the by lanes of delhi young gaurav embarks on a journey to the city of dreams mumbai in order to wish his god on his birthday . after all he is aryan 's biggest fan and even has a striking resemblance to him - how difficult could it be for the world biggest fan to get an audience with the world 's biggest star . when things don 't go according to plan gaurav 's love and passion for his god turns in to a dangerous obsession that crosses the fine line . in an edge of the seat thriller fan will peel away at both gaurav and aryan 's personalities and characters as the two men discover people within themselves that even they didn 't know existed and we 're left wondering who to sympathize with and whom to root for - can we really pick a side after all superstars are also human beings but each one of us is also a fan .
a lonely and disturbed cable guy raised on television just wants a new friend but his target a designer rejects him with bad consequences .
roy munson was raised to be the best bowler in the world (trained early on by his father ). but a fellow bowler ernie mccracken and a misunderstanding with some rough punks leaves poor roy with the loss of his bowling hand ! not to let this get him down he gets a prosthetic hand and becomes a travelling sales man . but it 's really all down hill for him from that night on until ... one day he meets ishmael who is amish and sneaks away from the farm to bowl (his fellow amish would disown him if they knew )! roy convinces ishmael to let him be his trainer and he 'll make him the best bowler the world has ever seen . reluctantly ishmael agrees to go on the road and shortly afterwards actually finds that life outside the farm is quite fun . soon their paths cross that of ernie mccracken who is still a top ranking bowler . while roy 's career and life have landed in the toilet bowl ernie is still drawing huge crowds and all the babes ! they both square off for the ultimate bowling championship ... to see which one truly is the champion .
a witness protection specialist becomes suspicious of his co -workers when dealing with a case involving high -tech weapons .
brilliant and obese scientist sherman klump invents a miraculous weight -loss solution . after a date with chemistry student carla purty goes badly a depressed klump tries the solution on himself . though he instantly loses pounds the side effects include a second personality : an obnoxiously self -assertive braggart who calls himself buddy love . buddy proves to be more popular than sherman but his arrogance and bad behavior quickly spiral out of control .
trouble strikes when runaway robbers in a getaway car hit truck full of explosives in the tunnel connecting manhattan and new jersey . survivors are left in a weakened tunnel blocked at both exits . as kit latura approaches the tunnel he sees the impact and knows he gotta take action . with time running out he enters the tunnel through a system of maintenance walkways . can he get the survivors out before the tunnel fills up ?
anthology series of stories with a supernatural theme for children .
john sayles ' murder -mystery explores interpersonal and interracial tensions in rio county texas . sam deeds is the local sheriff who is called to investigate a -year-old skeleton found in the desert ....as sam delves deeper into the town 's dark secrets he begins to learn more about his father the legendary former sheriff buddy deeds who replaced the corrupt charlie wade . while sam puzzles out the long -past events surrounding the mystery corpse he also longs to rekindle a romance with his old high -school flame . sayles ' complex characters are brought together as the tightly woven plot finally draws to its dramatic close .
harriet m . welsch is a spy . but when harriet 's friends find her secret notebook the tables are turned on her . can she win her friends back and still keep on going with the spy business ?
john travolta plays george malley who owns the local auto repair shop in a small california town . after celebrating his birthday with friends at the local bar /hang-out george heads for home . he pauses to watch a strange light in the sky then collapses for a few seconds in the middle of the deserted street . in the days and weeks that follow george finds his iq and consciousness expanding dramatically and develops telekinetic abilities . despite his attempts to explain what has happened to him with just a very few exceptions most of the local townspeople treat the "new" george as a freak . his state of isolation becomes even more pronounced when his new -found abilities allow him to correctly predict an earthquake and outside authorities become interested in what 's happened to him .
things have been tough lately for amelia . her best friend moved out of the apartment her cat got cancer and now her best friend laura is getting married . she copes with things from the help of andrew frank laura and a brief romance with bill "the ugly guy "
how do siblings deal with each other in their targets ? this is the question tackled in this movie . blue -collared mickey drives a new york taxicab since the breakup with his promiscuous ex -fiance heather two years ago . his younger white -collared brother francis cannot let mickey forget the tragedy of the "hairy ass ": (mickey's image of his apartment floor of the guy having sex with heather after walking in on them ). finding relief in driving his cab mickey meets an art student named hope whom he marries after knowing her for only hours . mickey also meets his old lover heather and learns more about life itself as taxi fares in the course of a summer . francis a young wall street corporate raider unhappy in his marriage to renee and led by his infidelity continues his shots at mickey throughout the film only to find himself a plot device that lends humor and lessons about marriage and brotherhood when he meets and starts an dangerous affair with heather despite mickey 's warnings that heather is a gold -digging nymphomaniac who goes through sexual partners as often as a person changes clothes . given mickey 's frame of reference on the past and his bride of hours it is no wonder that the two brothers along with their father an ego -eccentric and emotionally bereft bigot and a hard -core chauvinist who does not allow women aboard his fishing boat learn about the strength of women and their own lives .
italian army is invading ethiopia . lieutenant silvestri suffering toothache decides to reach the nearest camp hospital . but the lorry has an accident and stop near a rock so silvestri continues by walk . on his way he meets and rapes a wonderful young ethiopian . he also wound her when he shot to a wild animal and later kills her to avoid further pain . when he finally reaches the hospital he realizes he gets probably leprosy . trying to escape from ethiopia silvestri will kill again . but surprises aren 't still over .
long -repressed feelings of bitterness and betrayal explode when three inner -city losers plot the robbery of a valuable coin in a seedy second -hand junk shop .
jake barnes and his two kids sean and jessie have moved to alaska after his wife died . he is a former airline pilot now delivering toilet paper across the mountains . during an emergency delivery in a storm his plane goes down somewhere in the mountains . annoyed that the authorities aren 't doing enough jessie and sean set out on an adventure to find their father with the help of a polar bear which they have saved from a ferocious poacher . conflict ensues .
dodge is a computer hacker serving a prison term ; piper is a tough guy . they end up chained together and flee during a chain -gang escape attempt that goes bad . an adventure plot ensues involving a missing floppy disk an attractive woman that assists them a sinister federal marshal an honest cop and the cuban mafia .
being a lone young boy in the 'hood" is dangerous and unpleasant . this is what max experiences when he fools a gang of local toughs who cornered him at school . the gang finds out that the key he gave them is of no value in committing a robbery and they chase him through the streets of his neighborhood bent on revenge . he tries to escape by slipping into the open door of an old warehouse but they follow him there too . while running from them through aisles filled with all kinds of stuff he bumps into an old boom box . by doing that he manages to release kazaam a genie who has been held captive for thousands of years . in order to stay free kazaam must give max three wishes .
motovational speaker jack corcoran is determined to get his career off the ground but the biggest gigs he can get are the ones nobody wants . then one day he receives a telegram that his circus clown father has passed away and has left a "huge" inheritance . when he gets there he finds that his inheritance has come in the form of a elephant that was his father 's pride and joy in circus acts . his main intention is to sell the pacaderm off . jack must choose between loud and rude zookeeper mo or attractive animal show owner terry . as the two trek through the country jack and the elephant develop a bond and it changes his approach on life for the better .
set during a recent european revolution when the students have just begun to rise the film focuses on the unusual relationship between dr . pavenic and his housekeeper ana . in the midst of a night alive with the rattle of gunfire and burning buildings the doctor tells the story of his obsession for his enigmatic housekeeper to a dinner table of his guests . his shocking honesty eventually prompts each guest in turn to disclose some inner corner of his own life .
a man claiming to be carol brady 's long -lost first husband roy martin shows up at the suburban brady residence one evening . an impostor the man is actually determined to steal the bradys ' familiar horse statue a -million ancient asian artifact .
chark an adventurer comes to small village in the near of a gold digger 's camp . he is arrested by the local police who accuse him of having comitted a bank robbery in a neighoured town . ...
kaspar hauser is the son of the duke of baden . at the age of one he was swapped by another baby that has been killed right after the change . the real kaspar hauser grew up in prison without light social contacts and education for more than ten years . as teenager he came to public again . first he had to learn a language and other basic skills . before kaspar hauser meanwhile well educated found out his real idendity he was killed .
one of puppet -maker geppetto 's creations comes magically to life . this puppet pinocchio has one major desire and that is to become a real boy someday . in order to accomplish this goal he has to learn to act responsibly . this film shows you the adventures on which he learns valuable lessons .
a nice guy has just moved to new york and discovers that he must share his run -down apartment with a couple thousand singing dancing cockroaches .
reunited by the death of a college friend three divorced women seek revenge on the husbands who left them for younger women .
a young man 's political awakening and coming of age during the days and weeks leading up to the stonewall riots .
tom mullen is a millionaire he built his fortune by working hard . along the way he learned how to play the game . he has a great family . one day his son is kidnapped . he is willing to pay the ransom but decides to call in the fbi who manages to go into his home secretly . when he goes to make the drop something goes wrong . the kidnapper calls him again and reschedules it . on the way mullen decides not to go and appears on tv saying that the ransom he was going to give to the kidnapper is now a bounty on the kidnapper .
richard clark has just left the well -known wellington academy to teach at marion barry high school . now he will try to inspire the d -average students into making good grades and try to woo a fellow teacher .
a hefty homeboy borrows his dad 's mercedes and goes to the beach with his friends for wild sun & fun .
the story of five teenage girls who form an unlikely bond after beating up a teacher who has sexually harassed them . they build a solid friendship but their wild ways begin to get out of control .
two researchers in a green alternative energy project are put on the run when they are framed for murder and treason .
story of a wonderful little girl who happens to be a genius and her wonderful teacher vs . the worst parents ever and the worst school principal imaginable .
emma woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people 's affairs . she is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other . despite her interest in romance emma is clueless about her own feelings and her relationship with gentle mr . knightly .
esa nissi 's documentary film about the symbiosis of man and the crow . a story about a peasant crow that tries to adapt to modern citylife . winter is coming amd the nature of the countryside fails to provide enough nutrition to the crow . fosterling of the countryside has to change it 's lifestyle radically migration to overwinter lies ahead . luckily unlike it 's forefathers the crow doesn 't have to go through the moving flight to middle europe the nearest city provides the means to winter . could the swollen urbanized man help ? "crow" tells how the city community created by man embraces a migrant one autumn day .
high -schooler grover beindorf and his younger sister stacy decide that their parents janet and ned are acting childishly when they decide to divorce after years of marriage so they lock them up in the basement until they 'll sort out their problems . their schoolfriends also decide to do the same with their parents to solve their respective problems .
after causing an accident that left his daughter christiane severely disfigured the brilliant surgeon dr . gnessier works tirelessly to give the girl a new face . he does so however by kidnapping young women and attempting face transplants . he has been woefully unsuccessful to date . the doctor 's world begins to collapse around him when his daughter realizes just what he has been doing .
the same situation is played out in different cities (new york berlin and tokyo ). a lover has to choose whether to commit to a partner who is returning home . in each case there are other ...
percy upon being released from prison goes to the small town of gillead to find a place where she can start over again . she is taken in by hannah to help out at her place the spitfire ...
snake plissken is once again called in by the united states government to recover a potential doomsday device from los angeles now an autonomous island where undesirables are deported .
a young man who struggles through life by earning some money with his bicycle -taxi in saigon (ho chi minh city ) gets contact to a group of criminals . they introduce him to the mafia -world of drugs and crime .
basquiat tells the story of the meteoric rise of youthful artist jean -michel basquiat . starting out as a street artist living in thompkins square park in a cardboard box jean -michel is "discovered" by andy warhol 's art world and becomes a star . but success has a high price and basquiat pays with friendship love and eventually his life .
a washed up golf pro working at a driving range tries to qualify for the us open in order to win the heart of his succesful rival 's girlfriend .
in a poor century rural japanese village everyone who reaches the age of has to climb a nearby mountain to die . an old woman is getting close to the cut -off age and we follow her last days with her family .
two youngsters from rival clans fall in love .
this film is a comedy spoof based around america action movies and cop shows . it is entirely set in one office and focuses on dialouge .
when henry detamble meets clare abshire in a chicago library they both understand that he is a time traveler but she knows much more about him as he has not yet been to the times and places where they have already met . he falls in love with her as she has already with him but his continuing unavoidable absences while time traveling - and then returning with increasing knowledge of their future - makes things ever more difficult for clare .
three teenage brothers gang -member bobby troubled mama 's boy alan and self -assured prankster lex reside in a downtrodden section of glasgow scotland circa . but while bobby and alan are beginning to experience the power of raging hormones the story focuses on lex who begins a downward spiral after he accidentally shoots the leader of bobby 's gang . lex 's cockiness and immaturity unfortunately prevent him from understanding the effect his subsequent crimes will have on both himself and on those around him .
corky a lesbian ex con hired to work in an apartment as a plumber meets neighbors caesar who launders money for the mafia and his girlfriend violet . the two women have a love affair and decide to steal that caesar has in custody before he gives them back to mafia boss gino marzone . caesar is set up by the two scheming women as a scapegoat but things start to go wrong when he reacts in an unexpected way ...
robert altman 's jazz -scored film explores themes of love crime race and politics in kansas city . when blondie o 'hara's husband a petty thief is captured by seldom seen and held at the hey hey club she launches a desperate plan to release him . she kidnaps the wife of a powerful local politician in an attempt to blackmail him into using his connections to free johnny . despite this being election time he risks exposure by putting the political machine into action to free johnny and thereby save his wife . mrs . stilton meanwhile has befriended blondie and is impressed by her love and devotion to johnny especially in contrast to her own loveless marriage .
two working -class buddies joe and gus win a contest and get a free fishing trip . when they arrive everything goes wrong - hurricanes stolen car blow -ups and other catastrophes follow them .
the film focuses on three city folks who unknowingly share the same apartment : mei a real estate agent who uses it for her sexual affairs ; ah -jung her current lover ; and hsiao -ang who 's ...
nick beam 's life couldn 't get any worse . he discovers he has been living a lie and is on the verge of a nervous breakdown . so when t . paul a carjacker attempts to rob him it is the last straw for nick . with everything to gain and nothing to lose he kidnaps t . paul and attempts to put his life back together .
set in the year dr . moreau has successfully combined human and animal dna to make a crossbreed animal . well as usual something goes wrong and david thewlis must try to stop it before it is too late . originally rated r but cut by frankenheimer to allow "a wider audience ".
luke davenport is the thirteen -year-old son of paul davenport the president of the united states and first lady linda davenport . ill tempered agent woods is the secret service agent in charge of luke . woods is fired after mistreating luke in front of the press . woods is then replaced by former boxer sam simms who won a boxing title in . sam is eager to take the job - even though no one else wants it . everyone thinks that luke is just a brat when the only thing luke wants is to just fit in and be like every other kid at his school the georgetown academy . sam almost gets fired when luke gets decked at school by school bully rob macarthur . this is when sam decides to use his boxing expertise to teach luke how to fight . luke has his eyes on class -mate katie warren but so does rob . katie agrees to go with luke to an upcoming school dance so sam teaches luke how to dance . rob is also at the dance but this time when rob tries to deck luke luke turns the tables and decks rob . sam is then fired for taking luke to the dance without permission although luke had the permission of his parents but secret service chief morton didn 't want luke leaving the white house grounds while luke 's parents were on the campaign trail . luke runs away anyway to meet a friend that he has been chatting on the internet with . the meeting is set to take place at a local mall where luke discovers that his secret friend is a now psychotic woods who blames luke for his firing and wants revenge on luke but not if sam can help it .
seven year -old albert is the son of a las vegas circus performer . when she is killed in a car wreck albert is sent to live with his mother 's foster sister harriet franklin a no -nonsense businesswoman struggling in new jersey . albert hates it with the dour harriet but takes refuge in the company of bogus a flamboyant gentle loving and altogether imaginary frenchman . with bogus 's help albert can perhaps come to terms with his mother 's death and harriet with her own loss of childhood innocence .
two criminals keats and moses end their friendship when keats turns out to be an undercover cop . years later the two are forced to work together when keats is assigned to protect moses as a witness .
a nearby meteorite crash blocks off the dinosaurs ' water supply starting an ecological chain -reaction that threatens life in the valley . all the dinosaurs including a group of stupid bullies must cooperate in an effort to free the blockage which involves a risky venture outside the valley .
sarah single well educated likes art places a voice ad for phone sex inviting replies from men under sturdy and sensual . wilbert a chubby middle aged architect leaves a message that he is thomas and well formed . a week later she phones . she likes his voice he likes her laugh so once a week she phones him (he's not to know her last name where she lives or her number ). portraits emerge of humor and sadness . he presses for details of her life and tells her about his work ; she wants these thursday calls to be fantasy and release separate from the rest of who she is . the film dramatizes these tensions of lies and truth connection and distance .
the year is the night : halloween . police are called to lampkin ln . only to discover that year old judith myers has been stabbed to death by her year -old brother michael . after being institutionalized for years myers breaks out on the night before halloween . no one knows nor wants to find out what will happen on october besides myers ' psychiatrist dr . loomis . he knows michael is coming back to haddonfield but by the time the town realizes it it 'll be too late for many people .
viola and sebastian are lookalike twins separated by a shipwreck . viola lands in illyria where she disguises herself like her brother and goes into the service of the duke orsino . orsino ...
an american spy behind the lines during wwii serves as a nazi propagandist a role he cannot escape in his future life as he can never reveal his real role in the war .
in a village in the southwest of france . maite and francois are years old . they are friends not lovers . in francois 's classroom there are serge whose brother has just married to try to escape from the war in algeria and henri a pied -noir (algerian-born frenchman ). francois and serge will have a homosexual relationship but serge wants to marry his brother 's wife ...
spain in the is the place to be for a man of action like robert jordan . there is a civil war going on and jordan who has joined up on the side that appeals most to idealists of that era -- like ernest hemingway and his friends -- has been given a high -risk assignment up in the mountains . he awaits the right time to blow up a bridge in a cave . pilar who is in charge there has an ability to foretell the future . and so that night she encourages maria a young girl ravaged by enemy soldiers to join jordan who has decided to spend the night under the stars .
a silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound .
the owner of a travel agency in paris tries to help fellow americans in trouble .
an impromptu fashion shoot at a book store brings about a new fashion model discovery in the shop clerk .
holly golightly is a flighty manhattan party girl who expects "money for the powder room as well as for cab fare " for her companionship . she has even gotten a lucrative once weekly job to visit notorious convict sally tomato in sing sing she needing to report back to sally 's lawyer the weather report that sally tells her as proof of her visits with him in return for payment . her aspirations for glamor and wealth are epitomized by the comfort she feels at tiffany 's the famous high end jewelry retailer where she believes nothing can ever go wrong . her resolve for this wealth is strengthened if not changed slightly in focus upon news from home . into holly 's walk -up apartment building and thus her life is paul varjak a writer who holly states reminds her of her brother fred who she has not seen in years and who is currently enlisted in the army . the two quickly become friends in their want for something outside of their current lot . paul 's situation is closer to holly 's than he would like to admit . having not had anything published in over five years he is a kept man by his wealthy married "decorator" emily eustace failenson - who he refers to as - which allows him not to write which he no longer truly does . eventually paul falls for holly and wants to take care of her instead of being taken care of as is his current situation . although holly also seems to be falling for him the question becomes whether paul can fulfill holly 's life aspirations and if not what needs to change for there even to be the possibility of a future for them .
john "scottie" ferguson is a retired san francisco police detective who suffers from acrophobia and madeleine is the lady who leads him to high places . a wealthy shipbuilder who is an acquaintance from college days approaches scottie and asks him to follow his beautiful wife madeleine . he fears she is going insane maybe even contemplating suicide because she believes she is possessed by a dead ancestor . scottie is skeptical but agrees after he sees the beautiful madeleine .
a wheelchair -bound photographer spies on his neighbours from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder .
ellie andrews has just tied the knot with society aviator king westley when she is whisked away to her father 's yacht and out of king 's clutches . ellie jumps ship and eventually winds up on a bus headed back to her husband . reluctantly she must accept the help of out -of- work reporter peter warne . actually warne doesn 't give her any choice : either she sticks with him until he gets her back to her husband or he 'll blow the whistle on ellie to her father . either way peter gets what (he thinks !) he wants .... a really juicy newspaper story .
paula 's aunt alice alquist a famous entertainer is murdered in her home . paula who lives with her aunt finds the body . police fail to find the killer and paula is sent away to school . ten years later paula returns to london with her new husband . they take up residence in her aunt 's house which she has inherited . paula is increasingly isolated by her husband but does come to the attention of an admirer of her aunt mr . brian cameron .
mimi glossop wants a divorce so her aunt hortense hires a professional to play the correspondent in apparent infidelity . american dancer guy holden meets mimi while visiting brightbourne (brighton) and she thinks he is the correspondent . the plot is really an excuse for song and dance . the movie won three academy nominations and the first oscar for best song : "the continental " a twenty -two minute production number .
madison avenue advertising man roger thornhill finds himself thrust into the world of spies when he is mistaken for a man by the name of george kaplan . foreign spy philip vandamm and his henchman leonard try to eliminate him but when thornhill tries to make sense of the case he is framed for murder . now on the run from the police he manages to board the century limited bound for chicago where he meets a beautiful blond eve kendall who helps him to evade the authorities . his world is turned upside down yet again when he learns that eve isn 't the innocent bystander he thought she was . not all is as it seems however leading to a dramatic rescue and escape at the top of mt . rushmore .
a young woman moves to her new apartment where one of her new neighbors a young man living alone gets interested in her .
when two male musicians witness a mob hit they flee the state in an all -female band disguised as women but further complications set in .
regina lampert a paris based american has decided to divorce her swiss husband charles lampert because of the secrets and lies that have pervaded their marriage she coming to the conclusion that she no longer loves him and really knows nothing about him . before she can make that request to charles he is found dead seemingly pushed off a paris to bordeaux train . while regina was on holiday in megve charles sold all their possessions making in the process and seemed to be on his way to the coast to leave the country for south america probably for good . the money however was not among his possessions on the train those possessions which are returned to regina . regina further learns from hamilton bartholomew of the cia that they were after him charles lampert only the primary alias he has been using of late . during wwii charles a member of the office of strategic services (oss) absconded with worth of their gold bars that were destined for the french resistance . the us government wants that money back . charles had a few partners in crime among the oss namely four men : tex panthollow leopold gideon herman scobie and carson dyle . besides dyle who died in the war regina knows the other three men are still alive as she recognized them from a photograph as the three unknown men who attended charles ' funeral . they are now after her as they also want the money which they believe she has and will kill to get it . she knows nothing about the money but realizes that it is her duty to find it to return it to its rightful owner namely the us government and that it may save her life from charles ' partners . clues to the money 's whereabouts may be among those possessions charles had on the train . coming to regina 's aid is peter joshua a man she met while she was in megve . as peter helps her she quickly falls in love with him and he seemingly with her . shortly thereafter she also comes to the realization that peter is keeping as many secrets as charles did and as such he is a person she perhaps should not be trusting .
in world war ii casablanca rick blaine exiled american and former freedom fighter runs the most popular nightspot in town . the cynical lone wolf blaine comes into the possession of two valuable letters of transit . when nazi major strasser arrives in casablanca the sycophantic police captain renault does what he can to please him including detaining a czechoslovak underground leader victor laszlo . much to rick 's surprise lazslo arrives with ilsa rick 's one time love . rick is very bitter towards ilsa who ran out on him in paris but when he learns she had good reason to they plan to run off together again using the letters of transit . well that was their original plan ....
spade and archer is the name of a san francisco detective agency . that 's for sam spade and miles archer . the two men are partners but sam doesn 't like miles much . a knockout who goes by the name of miss wonderly walks into their office ; and by that night everything 's changed . miles is dead . and so is a man named floyd thursby . it seems miss wonderly is surrounded by dangerous men . there 's joel cairo who uses gardenia -scented calling cards . there 's kasper gutman with his enormous girth and feigned civility . her only hope of protection comes from sam who is suspected by the police of one or the other murder . more murders are yet to come and it will all be because of these dangerous men -- and their lust for a statuette of a bird : the maltese falcon .
pompous phonetics professor henry higgins is so sure of his abilities that he takes it upon himself to transform a cockney working -class girl into someone who can pass for a cultured member of high society . his subject turns out to be the lovely eliza doolittle who agrees to speech lessons to improve her job prospects . higgins and eliza clash then form an unlikely bond -- one that is threatened by an aristocratic suitor .
linus and david larrabee are the two sons of a very wealthy family . linus is all work -- busily running the family corporate empire with no time for a wife and family . david is all play -- technically employed in the family business but never showing up for work spending all his time entertaining and having been married and divorced three times . sabrina fairchild is the young shy and awkward daughter of the household chauffeur who has been infatuated with david all her life but whom david hardly notices till she goes away to paris for two years and returns an elegant sophisticated beautiful woman . suddenly she finds she 's captured david 's attention but just as she does so she finds herself also falling in love with linus and she finds that linus is also falling in love with her .
joe bradley is a reporter for the american news service in rome a job he doesn 't much like as he would rather work for what he considers a real news agency back in the states . he is on the verge of getting fired when he sleeping in and getting caught in a lie by his boss hennessy misses an interview with hrh princess ann who is on a goodwill tour of europe rome only her latest stop . however he thinks he may have stumbled upon a huge scoop . princess ann has officially called off all her rome engagements due to illness . in reality he recognizes the photograph of her as being the young well but simply dressed drunk woman he rescued off the street last night (as he didn 't want to turn her into the police for being a vagrant ) and who is still in his small studio apartment sleeping off her hangover . what joe doesn 't know is that she is really sleeping off the effects of a sedative given to her by her doctor to calm her down after an anxiety attack that anxiety because she hates her regimented life where she has no freedom and must always do and say the politically correct things not what is truly on her mind or in her heart . in wanting just a little freedom she seized upon a chance opportunity to escape from the royal palace where she was staying albeit with no money in her pockets . joe believes he can get an exclusive interview with her without she even knowing that he 's a reporter or that he 's interviewing her . as joe accompanies "anya smith " - her name as she tells him in trying to hide her true identity - around rome on her incognito day of freedom somewhat unaware that the secret service is searching for her along for the ride is joe 's photographer friend irving radovich who joe has tasked with clandestinely taking photographs of her those photos to accompany the story . as the day progresses joe and ann slowly start to fall for each other . their feelings for each other affect what both decide to do ann with regard to her royal duties joe with regard to the story and both with regard to if there is a future for them together .
a little girl lives in a rather strange castle . she shares it with her mother father and maid . other characters help her realize that just because you are a princess you can 't always get what you want .
st . louis . the well -off smith family has four beautiful daughters including esther and little tootie . -year old esther has fallen in love with the boy next door who has just moved in john . he however barely notices her at first . the family is shocked when mr . smith reveals that he has been transfered to a nice position in new york which means that the family has to leave st . louis and the st . louis fair .
in this charming film based on the popular l . frank baum stories dorothy and her dog toto are caught in a tornado 's path and somehow end up in the land of oz . here she meets some memorable friends and foes in her journey to meet the wizard of oz who everyone says can help her return home and possibly grant her new friends their goals of a brain heart and courage .
scarlett is a woman who can deal with a nation at war atlanta burning the union army carrying off everything from her beloved tara the carpetbaggers who arrive after the war . scarlett is beautiful . she has vitality . but ashley the man she has wanted for so long is going to marry his placid cousin melanie . mammy warns scarlett to behave herself at the party at twelve oaks . there is a new man there that day the day the civil war begins . rhett butler . scarlett does not know he is in the room when she pleads with ashley to choose her instead of melanie .
a dissolute matinee idol is slated to appear on a live tv variety show .
following the death of a publishing tycoon news reporters scramble to discover the meaning of his final utterance .
humanity finds a mysterious obviously artificial object buried beneath the lunar surface and with the intelligent computer h .a.l. sets off on a quest .
an ingenue insinuates herself into the company of an established but aging stage actress and her circle of theater friends .
nick a somewhat chauvinistic advertising exec hot shot has his life turned haywire when a fluke accident enables him to hear what women think . at first all he wants to do is rid himself of this curse until a wacky psychologist shows him that this could be used to his advantage ! his first target is darcy mcguire the very woman that got the promotion he wanted . but just as his plan is beginning to work love gets in the way ...
a self -conscious bride is tormented by the memory of her husband 's dead first wife .
on the eve of world war ii a young american reporter tries to expose enemy agents in london .
following the conviction of her german father for treason against the u .s. alicia huberman takes to drink and men . she is approached by a government agent (t.r. devlin ) who asks her to spy on a group of her father 's nazi friends operating out of rio de janeiro . a romance develops between alicia and devlin but she starts to get too involved in her work .
the head of the green manors mental asylum dr . murchison is retiring to be replaced by dr . edwardes a famous psychiatrist . edwardes arrives and is immediately attracted to the beautiful but cold dr . constance petersen . however it soon becomes apparent that dr . edwardes is in fact a paranoid amnesiac impostor . he goes on the run with constance who tries to help his condition and solve the mystery of what happened to the real dr . edwardes .
a couple falls in love and agrees to meet in six months at the empire state building - but will it happen ?
when a reformed jewel thief is suspected of returning to his former occupation he must ferret out the real thief in order to prove his innocence .
in this remake of the spencer tracy classic george and nina banks are the parents of young soon -to-be-wed annie . george is a nervous father unready to face the fact that his little girl is now a woman . the preparations for the extravagant wedding provide additional comic moments .
only the royal suite at the grandest hotel in paris has a safe large enough for the jewels of the grand duchess swana . so the three russians who have come to sell the jewels settle into the suite until a higher ranking official is dispatched to find out what is delaying the sale . she is ninotchka a no nonsense woman who fascinates count leon who had been the faithful retainer of the grand duchess . the grand duchess will give up all claim to the jewels if ninotchka will fly away from the count .
in paris detective claude chavasse is hired to follow a wife suspected of infidelity with the notorious american libertine frank flannagan . when the husband learns that his suspicions are accurate he tells claude of his plan to kill flannagan . claude 's daughter ariane overhears the threat and warns frank of the coming trouble . she then plays the part of a worldly socialite with a list of conquests as long as flannagan 's. the bemused ladies ' man returns to america the next day and ariane completely in love follows his romantic escapades in the news . she sees him again in paris the following year and resumes her worldly guise telling tales of former lovers when they meet at his hotel in the afternoon . frank amazed by the mystery girl and surprised to find himself jealous of her past hires claude to uncover more information about her . when the detective realizes what has happened he asks frank not to break his daughter 's heart .
weary of the conventions of parisian society a rich playboy and a youthful courtesan -in-training enjoy a platonic friendship but it may not stay platonic for long . gaston the scion of a wealthy parisian family finds emotional refuge from the superficial lifestyle of upper class parisian society with the former mistress of his uncle and her outgoing tomboy granddaughter gigi . when gaston becomes aware that gigi has matured into a woman her grandmother and aunt who have educated gigi to be a wealthy man 's mistress urge the pair to act out their roles but love adds a surprise twist to this delightful turn -of-the century cinderella story .
jimmy and sheila broadbent (rex harrison and kay kendall ) welcome to london jimmy 's -year-old daughter jane (sandra dee ). jane is from jimmy 's first marriage to an american and has come to visit her father and the step -mother she has never met . while visiting sheila has the idea of making jane a debutante an idea jane resists . difficulties range from jane 's apathy to being placed on the marriage block the determined efforts of sheila 's cousin mabel claremont (angela lansbury ) to win wealthy david fenner (peter myers ) for her debutante daughter clarissa (diane clare ) and jane 's attraction to david parkson (john saxon ) an american drummer who plays in the orchestra at the coming -out balls .
sir robin of locksley defender of downtrodden saxons runs afoul of norman authority and is forced to turn outlaw . with his band of merry men he robs from the rich gives to the poor and still has time to woo the lovely maid marian and foil the cruel sir guy of gisbourne and keep the nefarious prince john off the throne .
il misterioso zorro intervenuto per impedire le nozze tra carmen e marcel nel compiere la solita acrobatica e strategica ritirata cade rimanendo impedito nei movimenti . preoccupato per le ribalderie dei mercenari francesi del governatore fr donato con l 'aiuto del sagrestano archimede costringe l 'inetto felipe a fingersi zorro . il timido ed impaurito giovanotto riesce nell 'intento anche spinto dall 'amore verso rosita e sotto la spinta del vino cui non abituato . l 'impresa tuttavia diviene assai ardua quando il governatore sta per impiccare il conte manuel la paz sotto la protezione del de colegnac migliore lama di francia . anche questa volta per la coalizione del finto zorro e dei suoi seguaci finisce per avere la meglio sull 'oppressore.
detective mark mcpherson investigates the killing of laura found dead on her apartment floor before the movie starts . mcpherson builds a mental picture of the dead girl from the suspects whom he interviews . he is helped by the striking painting of the late lamented laura hanging on her apartment wall . but who would have wanted to kill a girl with whom every man she met seemed to fall in love ? to make matters worse mcpherson finds himself falling under her spell too . then one night halfway through his investigations something seriously bizarre happens to make him re -think the whole case .
at the beginning of the twentieth century mrs . edwin muir - lucy - widowed for one year decides to move out of her controlling in -law's home in london to the english seaside with her adolescent daughter anna and their long devoted maid martha . despite the rental agent trying to dissuade her lucy decides to rent gull cottage at whitecliff -by-the-sea. she learns first hand before she makes the decision the rental agent 's hesitance is because the cottage is haunted supposedly by its now deceased former owner seaman captain daniel gregg . after she moves in she does meet the spirit of captain gregg face -to-face. because she refuses to be scared away by his presence the two come to an understanding including that he will not make his presence known to anna . as time progresses the two develop a friendship and a bond . despite his statements to her that she needs to live her life including finding another husband daniel seems not to approve of any of the men that enter her life including the most serious children 's author miles fairley . because of his feelings for her daniel eventually has to decide if being a part of her life is more a benefit or hindrance to her in carrying on with the living regardless of perhaps not being able to carry out his initial goal of realizing his vision for gull cottage if he leaves .
british diplomat robert conway and a small group of civilians crash land in the himalayas and are rescued by the people of the mysterious eden -like valley of shangri -la. protected by the mountains from the world outside where the clouds of world war ii are gathering shangri -la provides a seductive escape for the world -weary conway .
showman jerry travers is working for producer horace hardwick in london . jerry demonstrates his new dance steps late one night in horace 's hotel much to the annoyance of sleeping dale tremont below . she goes upstairs to complain and the two are immediately attracted to each other . complications arise when dale mistakes jerry for horace .
during the nazi occupation of poland an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a polish soldier 's efforts to track down a german spy .
a scatterbrained socialite hires a vagrant as a family butler ...but there 's more to godfrey than meets the eye .
texan rancher bick benedict visits a maryland farm to buy a prize horse . whilst there he meets and falls in love with the owner 's daughter leslie they are married immediately and return to his ranch . the story of their family and its rivalry with cowboy and (later oil tycoon ) jett rink unfolds across two generations .
a wilful young man contends against his brother for the attention of their religious father while reconnecting with his estranged mother and falling for his brother 's girlfriend .
after a four year absence one time detective nick charles returns to new york with his new wife nora and their dog asta . nick re -connects with many of his old cronies several of whom are eccentric characters to say the least . he 's also approached by dorothy wynant whose inventor father clyde wynant is suspected of murdering her step -mother. her father had left on a planned trip some months before and she has had no contact with him . nick isn 't all that keen on resuming his former profession but egged -on by wife nora who thinks this all very exciting he agrees to help out . he solves the case announcing the identity of the killer at a dinner party for all of the suspects .
having been away for four months hildy johnson walks into the offices of the new york city based the morning post where she is a star reporter to tell her boss editor walter burns that she is quitting . the reason for her absence was among other things to get a reno divorce from of all people walter who admits he was a bad husband . hildy divorced walter largely because she wanted more of a home life whereas walter saw her more as a driven hard -boiled reporter than subservient homemaker . hildy has also come to tell walter that she is taking the afternoon train to albany where she will be getting married tomorrow to staid straight -laced insurance agent bruce baldwin with whose mother they will live at least for the first year . walter doesn 't want to lose hildy either as a reporter or a wife and if he does doesn 't believe bruce is worthy of her . walter does whatever he can at least to delay hildy and bruce 's trip long enough to persuade hildy to stay for good . his plan includes doing whatever he can to place bruce in a bad light while dangling a big story under her nose namely covering what the newspaper believes is the unfair imminent execution of convicted cop killer earl williams . hildy doesn 't trust walter in dealing with her and bruce in an above board manner but the lure of what potentially may become the biggest story in years which includes true love a bumbling sheriff and a corrupt mayor the latter 's actions largely in light of an upcoming election may prove to be too much for hildy to resist especially if it ends up being an exclusive . regardless of the story outcome hildy will have to decide if the thrill of the chase was worth the anguish on her personal life .
set in the story focuses on passepartout a chinese thief who steals a valuable jade buddha and then seeks refuge in the traveling companionship of an eccentric london inventor and adventurer phileas fogg who has taken on a bet with members of his gentlemen 's club that he can make it around the world in a mere days using a variety of means of transportation like boats trains balloons elephants etc . along the way passepartout uses his amazing martial arts abilities to defend fogg from the many dangers they face .. one major threat to their adventure is a detective that 's following them . why ? just as fogg and passeportout left london a major bank was robbed with fogg suspected of using the "around the world " trip as an excuse to escape .. their path from london and back includes stops in paris turkey india china and usa ...
an angel helps a compassionate but despairingly frustrated businessman by showing what life would have been like if he never existed .
a naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the united states senate . his plans promptly collide with political corruption but he doesn 't back down .
mild mannered zoology professor dr . david huxley is excited by the news that an intercostal clavicle bone has been found to complete his brontosaurus skeleton a project four years in the construction . he is equally excited about his imminent marriage to his assistant the officious alice swallow who is interested in him more for his work than for him as a person . david needs the million endowment of wealthy dowager mrs . carleton random to complete the project . her lawyer alexander peabody will make the decision on her behalf so david needs to get in his favor . however whenever david tries to make a good impression on peabody the same young woman always seems to do something to make him look bad . she is the flighty heiress susan vance . the more david wants susan to go away the more susan seems not to want or be able to . but david eventually learns that alexander peabody is her good friend who she calls boopy and susan 's aunt elizabeth with whom david has also made a bad impression without her knowing who he is is mrs . carleton random . however getting in aunt elizabeth and boopy 's good graces is not as easy as susan smoothing the waters with them . throw into the mix a tame pet leopard named baby that susan 's brother mark inexplicably sends her from brazil aunt elizabeth 's big game hunting friend major horace applegate aunt elizabeth 's pet terrier george who has a penchant for burying bones and other things and a traveling circus passing through town and david may never be able to finish his project or make it to his wedding . but david may come to the realization that there is something more important in his life .
as julie prepares to leave her husband roger she begins to play through a stack of recordings each of which reminds her of events in their lives together . one of them is the song that was playing when she and roger first met in a music store . other songs remind her of their courtship their marriage their desire for a child and the joys and sorrows that they have shared . a flood of memories comes back to her as she ponders their present problems and how they arose .
in in the massachusetts bay colony puritans and algonquian have an uneasy truce . hester arrives from england seeking independence . awaiting her husband she establishes independence fixing up a house befriending quakers and other outsiders . passion draws her to a young pastor . he feels the same ; when they learn her husband has probably died at the hands of indians they consummate their love . a child is born and on the day hester is publicly humiliated and made to wear a scarlet letter her husband appears after a year with indians . calling himself chillingworth he seeks revenge searching out hester 's lover and stirring fears of witchcraft . will his murderous plot succeed ?
the devil arranges for a deceased gangster to return to earth as a well -respected judge to make up for his previous life .
ceddie earl of dorincourt 's only grandson and heir lives in america with his mother . the earl getting old asks them to come to england . ceddie now lord fauntleroy is an adorable little ...
a boxer flees believing he has comitted a murder while he was drunk .
a man in london tries to help a counterespionage agent . but when the agent is killed and the man stands accused he must go on the run to both save himself and also stop a spy ring which is trying to steal top secret information .
in the invasion of italy one american platoon lands digs in then makes its way inland to blow up a bridge next to a fortified farmhouse as tension and casualties mount . unusually realistic picture of war as long quiet stretches of talk punctuated by sharp random bursts of violent action whose relevance to the big picture is often unknown to the soldiers .
there is panic throughout the nation as the dead suddenly come back to life . the film follows a group of characters who barricade themselves in an old farmhouse in an attempt to remain safe from these flesh eating monsters .
on their way to africa are a group of rogues who hope to get rich there and a seemingly innocent british couple . they meet and things happen ...
the family of who is "affectionately" known as "big daddy " pollitt convenes at his and big momma 's vast acre east mississippi plantation for his sixty -fifth birthday although it may as well be for his funeral on the belief that he is dying . despite his latest medical report being clean in reality he truly does have terminal colon cancer something the doctor only tells big daddy 's two sons gooper pollitt a lawyer and brick pollitt who recently left his job as a sportscaster . brooding brick and his wife maggie pollitt who have driven up from new orleans for the occasion are going through a long rough patch in their marriage . brick wanted to split but maggie convinced him to stay married on the condition that she not pressure him for sex . in their troubles brick has turned to the bottle a drunken incident which has left brick currently on crutches . maggie believes gooper and his wife mae pollitt are trying to orchestrate brick out of big daddy 's will brick and maggie 's only saving grace being that big daddy has greater affinity for them than gooper and mae as maggie is beautiful and brick was a star athlete most specifically in football and track . as gooper and mae have a sixth child on the way maggie also believes they could combat anything gooper and mae would do by having a child of their own . in his current state brick has contempt for everyone and everything around him which includes big daddy 's money . all brick and maggie 's problems seem to center on their respective relationships with brick 's high school friend and football partner skipper and events in their lives just prior to skipper 's death . what happens not only with brick and maggie but the entire pollitt family may depend on if brick can reconcile himself with his life much of which is currently in big daddy 's house including maggie .
charles returns to paris to reminisce about the life he led in paris after it was liberated . he worked on "stars and stripes " when he met marion and helen . he would marry and be happy ...
a man needing money agrees to impersonate a nonexistent person who said he 'd be committing suicide as a protest and a political movement begins .
an american ambulance driver and an english nurse fall in love in italy during world war i .
in this film told almost entirely in iambic pentameter she is a scientist in a loveless marriage to anthony a devious politician . he is a lebanese doctor in self -imposed exile working as a chef in a london restaurant . they meet at a banquet and fall into a carefree passionate relationship . but the contempt he perceives as a muslim immigrant to the uk causes him to break up with she offering little in the way of explanation and return to his homeland . she drags his reasons out of him little by little and tries to sympathize . keenly feeling the loss of his love she flies to havana to sort things out on the beach and in the cabarets . she sends him a ticket but harbors no illusions that he will join her in this carribean melting pot ...
vusi madlazi returns to the south african village he left as a young boy (he was organizing against apartheid and left in fear of his life ) to bury his father . he meets up with his brother ernest who tells him their other brother stephen couldn 't be contacted . vusi goes to johannesburg to find him but at first can only find his neighbor /girlfriend karin a stripper . vusi proceeds to learn how conditions have changed since the end of apartheid not always for the better for black men .
the morning of a small town labor day picnic a drifter (hal carter ) blows into town to visit an old fraternity buddy (alan benson ) who also happens to be the son of the richest man in town . hal is an egocentric braggart - all potential and no accomplishment . he meets up with madge owens the town beauty queen and girlfriend of alan benson .
four guys sit around drinking beer and talking trying to figure out the meaning of "the pompatus of love " (from the steve miller song "joker") and analyzing their relationships with women .
a father and daughter decide to attempt to lead a flock of orphaned canada geese south by air .
condemned to death to salvage her family 's honor a young rape victim escapes to a seaside town with the man tasked with her execution .
an aspiring singer denise waverly /edna buxton sacrifices her own singing career to write hit songs that launch the careers of other singers . the film follows her life from her first break through the pain of rejection from the recording industry and a bad marriage to her final triumph .
a policeman takes his twin brother 's place and inherits his problems and a beautiful girlfriend . he is forced to kickbox his way from france to the u .s. and back while playing footsie with ...
neil jordan 's historical biopic of irish revolutionary michael collins the man who led a guerrilla war against the uk helped negotiate the creation of the irish free state and led the national army during the irish civil war .
a rich man 's wife finds she has a bad prenuptial agreement with an even worse husband . over drinks with a stranger she fantasizes about doing her husband in to void the prenupt . the stranger decides to turn her imagination into reality much to the wife 's surprise .
a failing italian restaurant run by two brothers gambles on one special night to try to save the business .
a drifting gunslinger -for-hire finds himself in the middle of an ongoing war between the irish and italian mafia in a prohibition era ghost town .
it was leonora eames ' childhood dream come true . she had married smith ohlrig a man worth millions . but her innocent dream became a nightmare once she realizes the truth about her husband ...
desperation drives four inner -city women (queen latifah jada pinkett smith vivica a . fox kimberly elise ) to bank robbery in los angeles then they start mistrusting one another .
hours of intersecting lives and crimes in los angeles .
thriller about guy luthan (hugh grant ) a british doctor working at a hospital in new york who starts making unwanted enquiries when the body of a man who died in his emergency room disappears . the trail leads luthan to the door of the eminent surgeon dr lawrence myrick (gene hackman ) but luthan soon finds himself in danger from people who want the hospital 's secret to remain undiscovered .
two cops played by seagal and wayans are forced to work together to solve a chain of mysterious killings by a killer nicknamed "the family man ".
the unruly team of hockey misfits grows up a bit and receives scholarships to a prestigious prep school where they take on the snotty varsity team .
suspicious circumstances leave the murder of joe questionable as caleb attempts to set up a false killing of them both .
three orphaned siblings are forced upon confirmed bachelor donovan (bixby) in a century boom town of quake city ca . after an earthquake shakes the area the children find a large gold nugget worth tens of thousands of dollars . but their newfound wealth is causing more problems than it 's solving so they agree to "give" the gold to two bumbling outlaws (knotts & conway ). but they only way they can get the gold is to steal it from the bank vault where it 's being held for safe keeping .
the story of the famous tennessee frontiersman soldier scout and congressman who fought and died at the alamo .
tia and tony are two orphaned youngsters with extraordinary powers . lucas deranian poses as their uncle in order to get the kids into the clutches of deranian 's megalomanical boss evil millionaire aristotle bolt who wants to exploit them . jason a cynical widower helps tia and tony "escape to witch mountain " while at the same time tia and tony help jason escape the pain of the loss of his wife .
nine -year old turtle thompson thinks his bug loving best friend maddy is the coolest girl in the whole wide world . if only he had the guts to ask her to the spring fling dance .
alonzo hawk is a mean -spirited property developer who has bought several blocks of land in the downtown district in order to build a gigantic shopping mall . there is one problem however ; an elderly widow named steinmetz won 't sell the one remaining lot that hawk needs to proceed with his scheme . so he resorts to all manner of chicanery legal or otherwise to get it . fortunately the widow steinmetz has an ace up her sleeve in the form of herbie the miraculous volkswagen .
a boy brings a yellow dog home . the dog loves the family as much as they love him but can the love last ?
when two pre -teens named hallie & annie meet through their summer camp their two lives are rattled when they realize that they are identical twins . with parents british mother aka famous dress designer elizabeth & american father a wine maker named nick living in two different sides of the universe the girls decide to make an identity swap in hopes of spending time with their other parent . the girls later choose to aware their guardians of the swap while at a hotel in nyc which late reunites the divorced pair and sends them back into remarriage with each other .
a little girl comes to a town that is embattled by feuds and intimidated by her aunt . by the time she must leave she has transformed the community with her indominatable will to see the good side of even the worst situations and bring it out for the betterment of all .
a divorced man and his estranged incurably ill teenage son get together for a final summer vacation and they end up at the divorce 's estranged father 's vineyard where they try to reconsile their differences .
a man tries to live a normal life despite the fact that he sometimes turns into a sheepdog .
a family in route to new guinea is shipwrecked on a deserted tropical island . they are forced to remain on the island because of the damage to the ship and the pirates that are roaming the islands . they create a home on the island (centering around a huge tree house ) and explore the island and its wildlife . plenty of adventure ensues as the family deals with issues of survival and pirates and the brothers must learn how to live on the island with an uncertain future .
a woman is kidnapped . while in captivity she manages to send a message out with a wandering cat . the cat 's owner calls the fbi . the fbi tries to follow the cat . jealous boyfriends and nosy ...
laurie strode now the dean of a northern california private school with an assumed name must battle the shape one last time and now the life of her own son hangs in the balance .
irving blitzer disgraced himself when putting extra weights into his team 's bob in the olympics resulting in his gold medal being taken away from him . years later derice bannock son of a former friend of irv fails to qualify for the -yard sprint for the olympics due to a stupid accident . but when he hears of irving blitzer living also on jamaica derice decides to go to the games anyway if not as a sprinter then as a bobsledder . after some starting problems the first jamaican bobsledding team is formed and heads for calgary . in the freezing weather derice sanka junior and yul are only laughed at since nobody can take a jamaican bobsledding team led by a disgraced trainer seriously . but team spirit and a healthy self -confidence may lead to a few surprises in the upcoming winter games .
roger who has lost his mother is living separated from his father . as he and his friend j .p. are one of the biggest fans of the los angeles baseball team he has got only two dreams : living together with a real family and let la win the championship . as he is praying for these two things to happen some angels show up in order to help him - but he is the only one to see them and believe in them . fortunately the coach of the baseball team sees his abilities and so la has a run to the finals ...
a girl named ella (cinderella) has the purest heart living in a cruel world filled with evil stepsisters and an evil stepmother out to ruin ella 's life . ella comes one with her pure heart when she meets the prince and dances her way to a better life with glass shoes and a little help from her fairy godmother of course .
pooh is back and this time he 's gonna blow you away ! almost literally ! when pooh 's friend gopher warns him that it 's winds -day pooh goes off to wish piglet a happy windsday but piglet is lifted into the air by the strong winds pooh grabs piglet 's sweater string and looks to be flying piglet like a kite . they arrive at owl 's house the wind blows it down and owl inquires as to if pooh did it . eeyore agrees to find a new house for owl but one night pooh get 's a visit from an unusual new friend - tigger a rambunctious tiger who likes honey but hates it just the same and warns pooh of hefalumps and woozels that steal honey ! but hefalumps and woozels are only half of pooh 's worries now for a huge rain storm has set on the hundred acre wood . everybody is swimming in their homes . pooh inadvertently saves piglet from a waterfall so they have a hero party . eeyore then barges in and announces he has found a new home for owl unfortunately the house he found was piglet 's. but piglet does a heroic thing and turns over his domicile to owl so they have a two hero party and the storm dies down . at least until next winds -day.
a large box arrives for donald on his birthday three gifts inside . he unwraps one at a time and each takes him on an adventure . the first is a movie projector with a film about the birds of south america ; donald watches two cartoons one tells of a penguin who longs to live on a tropical isle and the other about a gaucho boy who hunts the wild ostrich . the second gift is a pop -up book about brazil . inside is jose carioca who takes donald to brazil 's bahia for a mix of animation and live action : the two cartoon birds sing and dance with natives . the third gift is a piata accompanied by panchito . a ride on a magic serape takes the three amigos singing and dancing across mexico . ol !
arthur (aka wart ) is a young boy who aspires to be a knight 's squire . on a hunting trip he falls in on merlin a powerful but amnesiac wizard who has plans for wart beyond mere squiredom . he starts by trying to give wart an education (whatever that is ) believing that once one has an education one can go anywhere . needless to say it doesn 't quite work out that way .
this heartwarming classic tells the tale of a country boy who adopts a mischevious black lamb and learns valuable lessons about love and dedication .
birth of a legend . following king richard 's death in france archer robin longstride along with will scarlett alan -a-dale and little john returns to england . they encounter the dying robert of locksley whose party was ambushed by treacherous godfrey who hopes to facilitate a french invasion of england . robin promises the dying knight he will return his sword to his father walter in nottingham . here walter encourages him to impersonate the dead man to prevent his land being confiscated by the crown and he finds himself with marian a ready -made wife . hoping to stir baronial opposition to weak king john and allow an easy french take -over godfrey worms his way into the king 's service as earl marshal of england and brutally invades towns under the pretext of collecting royal taxes . can robin navigate the politics of barons royals traitors and the french ?
the movie combines songs color and sequences of live action blended with the movements of animated figures . mary poppins is a kind of super -nanny who flies in with her umbrella in response to the request of the banks children and proceeds to put things right with the aid of her rather extraordinary magical powers .
ridiculed because of his enormous ears a young circus elephant is assisted by a mouse to achieve his full potential .
in new england in the early century pete is a nine -year-old orphan escaping from his brutal adoptive parents the gogans with his only friend a cartoon dragon named elliott . they successfully escape to passamaquoddy maine and live with nora a lighthouse keeper and her father lampie . elliott is sought for medicinal purposes by the corrupt dr . terminus .
an apprentice witch three kids and a cynical conman search for the missing component to a magic spell useful to the defense of britain .
alice an unpretentious and individual -year-old is betrothed to a dunce of an english nobleman . at her engagement party she escapes the crowd to consider whether to go through with the marriage and falls down a hole in the garden after spotting an unusual rabbit . arriving in a strange and surreal place called "underland" she finds herself in a world that resembles the nightmares she had as a child filled with talking animals villainous queens and knights and frumious bandersnatches . alice realizes that she is there for a reason --to conquer the horrific jabberwocky and restore the rightful queen to her throne .
when an adopted fox and a to -be hunting hound become inspepearable friends as pups their friendship grows stronger every day in their "childhood." but as they grow older they grow farther and farther apart to the day when the two old comrades bond is put the ultimate test .
little red riding hood for the 's: after her mom and step -dad are arrested -year-old vanessa lutz decides that instead of once again being put into a foster home she 'd rather go and search for the grandmother she 's never met and live with her . "on the way to grandma 's house " (actually a trailer park ) vanessa 's car breaks down and she 's picked up from the side of the road by bob wolverton a counselor at a school for troubled boys . bob slowly earns vanessa 's trust and eventually convinces her to talk about her sexual abuse at the hands of her stepfather . when vanessa realizes that bob is enjoying what she 's saying she realizes that he 's "the i killer " from the news . she tries to get out of his truck but the inside door handle has been removed ...
nypd cop john mcclane goes on a christmas vacation to visit his wife holly in los angeles where she works for the nakatomi corporation . while they are at the nakatomi headquarters for a christmas party a group of bank robbers led by hans gruber take control of the building and hold everyone hostage with the exception of john while they plan to perform a lucrative heist . unable to escape and with no immediate police response john is forced to take matters into his own hands .
a scientist performs experiments involving intelligence enhancing drugs and virtual reality on a simple -minded gardener . he puts the gardener on an extensive schedule of learning and quickly he becomes brilliant . but at this point the gardener has a few ideas of his own on how the research should continue and the scientist begins losing control of his experiments .
during the first world war novelist edgar brodie is sent to switzerland by the intelligence service . he has to kill a german agent . during the mission he meets a fake general first and then elsa carrington who helps him in his duty .
cynthia lives in london with her sullen street -sweeper daughter . her brother has been successful with his photographer 's business and now lives nearby in a more upmarket house . but cynthia hasn 't even been invited round there after a year . so all round she feels rather lonely and isolated . meanwhile in another part of town hortense adopted at birth but now grown up starts to try and trace her mother .
recounts a fable of a pop rock band formed a year after the beatles took america by storm in early . jazz aficionado guy patterson unhappily toiling in the family appliance store is recruited into the band the oneders (later renamed the wonders ) after regular drummer chad breaks his arm . after guy injects a four /four rock beat into lead singer jimmy 's ballad the song 's undeniable pop power flings the wonders into a brief whirlwind of success telling the tale of many american bands who attempted to grab the brass ring of rock and roll in the wake of the british invasion .
david lewis is affected by the death of his wife gillian who fell from the mast pole of their boat on a sailing trip two years ago . david deals with his grief by continuing his romance ...
the passionate merchant -ivory drama tells the story of francoise gilot the only lover of pablo picasso who was strong enough to withstand his ferocious cruelty and move on with her life .
a tender love story set during a hot summer on a south -east london housing estate . jamie a relatively unpopular lad who bunks off school to avoid football lives next door to ste a more popular athletic lad but who is frequently beaten up by his father and older brother . such an episode of violence brings jamie and ste together : sandra (jamie's mum ) offers refugee to ste who has to 'top-and-tail' with jamie . hence the story tells of their growing attraction for one another from initial lingering glances to their irrefutable love which so magnificently illustrated at the end of the film . in deals with the tribulations of coming to terms with their sexuality and of others finding out in light of sandra 's unwavering loyalty and defence of jamie and the fear of repercussion should ste 's family find out . the plot is set against sub -texts of sandra 's desire to manage her own pub and thus escape the estate and of her new relationship with her hippy boyfriend tony ; and of leah the brassy girl next door who has been expelled from school and spends her time listening to mama cass records and tripping on a variety of drugs .
a comic twist on the legal advice given by a family lawyer when husband confesses to the murder of his unfaithful wife .
sir robert beaumont is behind schedule on a railroad in africa . enlisting noted engineer john henry patterson to right the ship beaumont expects results . everything seems great until the crew discovers the mutilated corpse of the project 's foreman seemingly killed by a lion . after several more attacks patterson calls in famed hunter charles remington who has finally met his match in the bloodthirsty lions .
al pacino 's deeply -felt rumination on shakespeare 's significance and relevance to the modern world through interviews and an in -depth analysis of "richard iii ."
tommy is an unemployed mechanic who spends most of his time in a bar (trees lounge ) in a small blue collar town . he seems to always be thinking "if only x then i could stop drinking ".
chris is young idealistic cop who falls in love and gets married to pam a beautiful but emotionally unstable woman who suffers from alcoholism and drug addiction . while chris is trying hard to have a normal life and some money pam is big spender and their marriage is constantly troublesome with the financial situation getting worse and worse . the biggest blow comes after chris loses his job . in the desperate situation chris decides to use his police skills to rob banks .
get on the bus follows several black men on a cross country bus trip to the million man march . on the bus are an eclectic set of characters including a laid off aircraft worker a former gang banger a hollywood actor a cop who is of mixed racial background and a white bus driver all make the trek discussing issues surrounding the march manhood religion politics and race .
bobby bishop (sheen) is a special assistant to the president of the united states . accidentally he meets his friend professor pochenko on the street . pochenko has time to tell bishop about ...
a stonemason steadfastly pursues a cousin he loves . however their love is troubled as he is married to a woman who tricked him into marriage and she is married to a man she does not love .
a new york girl sets her father up with a beautiful woman in a troubled marriage while her stepsister gets engaged .
wannabe actors become regulars in the stylish neo -lounge scene ; trent teaches his friend mike the unwritten rules of the scene .
four boys growing up in hell 's kitchen play a prank that leads to an old man getting hurt . sentenced to no less than one year in the wilkenson center in upstate new york the four friends are changed by the beating humiliation and sexual abuse by the guards sworn to protect them . thirteen years later and a chance meeting lead to a chance for revenge against the wilkenson center and the guards .
it 's the day before christmas the day before john 's birthday . he 's a prostitute on santa monica blvd in l .a. and he wants to spend that night and the next day at the posh park plaza hotel . he 's ripped off a local drug dealer to pay the bill but as he 's sleeping that morning someone steals his shoes right off his feet with the money in them . meanwhile donner a lad new to the streets wants john to leave the city with him for camelot a theme park in branson mo where they 'll work as lifeguards . john spends the day trying to hustle the money for the hotel avoid jimmy the warlock keep his girl friend placated and figure out how to deal with donner 's friendship .
at long last aladdin is about to marry the princess jasmine . despite the presence and encouragement of his friends genie carpet and abu he is fearful and anxious . he is most worried as to what kind of father he will be having never known his own . but when the thieves disrupt the wedding trying to steal a magical oracular talisman aladdin is drawn into a dangerous quest to stop the thieves ...and find his long -lost father .
a romantic comedy where a bored overworked estate lawyer upon first sight of a beautiful instructor signs up for ballroom dancing lessons .
lady alyce marshmorton must marry soon and the staff of tottney castle have laid bets on who she 'll choose with young albert wagering on "mr. x ." after alyce goes to london to meet a beau (bumping into dancer jerry halliday instead ) she is restricted to the castle to curb her scandalous behavior . albert then summons jerry to alyce 's aid in order to "protect his investment ."
homicide capt . finlay finds evidence that one or more of a group of demobilized soldiers is involved in the death of joseph samuels . in flashbacks we see the night 's events from different viewpoints as sergeant keeley investigates on his own trying to clear his friend mitchell to whom circumstantial evidence points . then the real ugly motive for the killing begins to dawn on both finlay and keeley ...
living in bangkok with her husband sudhir and the child from his first marriage to her sister simran feels isolated in a foreign land and ignored by her husband . a chance meeting with an old flame leads to a renewed and passionate affair until she starts to realise how badly she could be damaging her marriage . sudhir has indeed become suspicious and hired a private detective who gives him compelling evidence of his wife 's deceit . sudhir sets out to confront his rival .
charlie receives a golden ticket to a factory his sweet tooth wants going into the lushing candy it turns out there 's an adventure in everything .
a traveling cellist gets involved with two disturbed sisters on their way to seattle to tell their mom that their dad has just passed away . on the way the two kill a judge and a few others ...
a nerdish store owner is revived out of cryostasis into a future world to fight an oppressive government .
when a bumbling new yorker is dumped by his activist girlfriend he travels to a tiny latin american nation and becomes involved in its latest rebellion .
in london george thomason his seductive american girlfriend wanda gershwitz and their associate ken pile are planning their latest crime a diamond heist that should net them million . they plan on leaving the country with the goods after the heist . on wanda 's recommendation they enlist the help of her brother otto a weapons expert for this heist . in reality otto is not wanda 's brother but her latest lover a dimwit who gets off on his own body odor who believes he 's an intellectual because he reads nietzsche and who does not tolerate being called stupid by anyone . wanda has one weakness in men which is how otto was able to get her to be his lover : speaking italian in seduction . wanda and otto plan to double cross george by having him arrested for the heist while they abscond with the jewels . wanda further plans to triple cross otto by eliminating him from the picture after she has the jewels . they are able to get george arrested with him not knowing who tipped the police off in the process george being implicated by an elderly eyewitness named eileen coady . with george in jail wanda and otto discover that he in turn has protected his investment by moving the jewels from their agreed to hiding location he not telling anyone except ken some hint of where they are . ken an animal lover with an extreme stuttering problem is given a task by george : kill mrs . coady before she is able to testify against him as she is the crown 's primary witness . meanwhile wanda has a plan of her own to reach her end goal : seduce george 's defense lawyer archie leach in finding out any and all of george 's secrets concerning the heist including the location of the jewels . archie may be easy prey for wanda 's seduction as archie 's wife is a self -absorbed woman who pays archie little attention . otto may throw a wrench into wanda 's plans if he finds out what she 's doing only feeling that she being solely his lover trumps all else .
an out -of-work singer victoria grant (julie andrews ) meets a just -fired flamboyant gay man in a diner in 's paris . he convinces her to pretend to be a man who is a female impersonator in order to get a job . the act is a hit in a local nightclub but things get complicated when a gangster and nightclub owner from chicago king marchan (michael nouri ) falls in -love with "her."
when a popular daredevil proposes an automobile race across three continents his arch rival vows to beat him while an ambitious female reporter has her own plans for victory .
. young adults bonnie parker a waitress and clyde barrow a criminal just released from prison are immediately attracted to what the other represents for their life when they meet by chance in west dallas texas . bonnie is fascinated with clyde 's criminal past and his matter -of-factness and bravado in talking about it . clyde sees in bonnie someone sympatico to his goals in life . although attracted to each other physically a sexual relationship between the two has a few obstacles to happen . regardless they decide to join forces to embark on a life of crime holding up whatever establishments primarily banks to make money and to have fun . they don 't plan on hurting anyone physically or killing anyone despite wielding loaded guns . they amass a small gang of willing accomplices including c .w. moss a mechanic to fix whatever cars they steal which is important especially for their getaways and buck barrow one of clyde 's older brothers . the only reluctant tag -along is buck 's nervous wife blanche barrow a preacher 's daughter . the gang 's life changes after the first fatal shot is fired . following their willingness to shoot to kill increases to protect themselves and their livelihood . their notoriety precedes them so much so that no matter what one 's opinion is of them most want to have some association to the barrow gang to help them to be spoken in the same breath as them or to capture and or kill them . of the many people they encounter in their crime spree the one who may have the most profound effect on their lives is texas ranger frank hamer who is looking for a little retribution .
now an old man a lifelong fisherman sets out to sea to ply his trade as he has done all of his life . he 's not had much good fortune of late and has gone almost three months without a major catch while others are catching one or even two large marlins every week . many of the locals make fun of him and some say he 's too old now to be fishing but he still loves what he does and is encouraged by a young boy who loves him and has faith in him . on this day he hooks the fish of a lifetime a marlin that is larger than his skiff . as it slowly pulls him out to sea the old man reminisces about his past his successes and the high points of his life . when he does finally manage to land the fish he has to fight off sharks who are feeding on it as he tries to return to his cuban village .
an ex -tennis pro carries out a plot to murder his wife . when things go wrong he improvises a brilliant plan b .
the story of a young geisha who falls madly in love with an american captain that travels all around the world collecting hearts .
spending the summer at a catskills resort with her family frances "baby" houseman falls in love with the camp 's dance instructor johnny castle .
six criminals who are strangers to each other are hired by a crime boss joe cabot to carry out a diamond robbery . right at the outset they are given false names with the intention that they won 't get too close and will concentrate on the job instead . they are completely sure that the robbery is going to be a success . but when the police show up right at the time and the site of the robbery panic spreads amongst the group members and two of them are killed in the subsequent shootout along with a few policemen and civilians . when the remaining people assemble at the premeditated rendezvous point (a warehouse ) they begin to suspect that one of them is an undercover cop .
a young recruit in vietnam faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man .
two young men are trying to make their way in a corporation . one on charm the other on hard work . when they go to the president (bernie) with a serious financial error on a printout he pretends to be thrilled and invites them to his beach house for the weekend . he actually plans on having them killed . bernie is also fooling around with the girlfriend of his mafia partner . when the partner has bernie killed the boys end up having to pretend bernie is still alive as the frustrated hit man tries time and time again to complete the job .
a violent suspended police detective investigates a brutal murder in which a manipulative and seductive woman could be involved .
the story of the famous and influential rock band the doors and its lead singer and composer jim morrison from his days as a ucla film student in los angeles to his untimely death in paris france at age in .
a british soldier is kidnapped by ira terrorists . he befriends one of his captors who is drawn into the soldier 's world .
the real story behind the world of sales . this is a realistic portrayal of what it is to try making a life in high pressure sales with all its highs and lows ; promises of fortunes and deliveries of dross . red -leads and dead -leads are to blame for life 's outcomes . living with "objection rebuttal close " and fake automobiles from the mobbed -up corporate owners .
after spending time with his new neighbors an aspiring writer realizes they are harboring deep secrets that will forever change him .
after a gentle alien becomes stranded on earth the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named elliott . bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban california house elliott introduces e .t. as the alien is dubbed to his brother and his little sister gertie and the children decide to keep its existence a secret . soon however e .t. falls ill resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both elliott and the alien .
in this one -man show starring rich little ebeneezer scrooge (played by rich as w .c. fields ) hates christmas and it 's up to the ghosts of christmas past (played by rich as humphrey bogart ) present (played by rich as columbo ) and future (played by rich as inspector clouseau ) to convince him otherwise
cole trickle enters the high -pressure world of nascar racing . he 's a hot driver with a hot temper and this attitude gets him into trouble not only with other drivers but members of his own team as well .
as students at the united states navy 's elite fighter weapons school compete to be best in the class one daring young pilot learns a few things from a civilian instructor that are not taught in the classroom .
jim stark is the new kid in town . he has been in trouble elsewhere ; that 's why his family has had to move before . here he hopes to find the love he doesn 't get from his middle -class family . though he finds some of this in his relation with judy and a form of it in both plato 's adulation and ray 's real concern for him jim must still prove himself to his peers in switchblade knife fights and "chickie" games in which cars race toward a seaside cliff .
blanche dubois a high school english teacher with an aristocratic background from auriol mississippi decides to move to live with her sister and brother -in-law stella and stanley kowalski in new orleans after creditors take over the family property belle reve . blanche has also decided to take a break from teaching as she states the situation has frayed her nerves . knowing nothing about stanley or the kowalskis ' lives blanche is shocked to find that they live in a cramped and run down ground floor apartment - which she proceeds to beautify by putting shades over the open light bulbs to soften the lighting - and that stanley is not the gentleman that she is used to in men . as such blanche and stanley have an antagonistic relationship from the start . blanche finds that stanley 's hyper -masculinity which often displays itself in physical outbursts is common coarse and vulgar being common which in turn is what attracted stella to him . beyond finding blanche 's delicate hoidy -toidy act as putting on airs stanley a plant worker believes she may really have sold belle reve and is withholding stella 's fair share of the proceeds from them . what further affects the relationship between the three is that stella is in the early stage of pregnancy with her and stanley 's first child . soon after her arrival at the kowalskis blanche starts to date mitch one of stanley 's friends and coworkers who is a little softer around the edges than most of stanley 's friends . mitch does not hide the fact that he is looking in general to get married because of a personal issue he wanting blanche ultimately to be his wife . mitch is somewhat unaware that blanche has somewhat controlled their courtship to put herself in the best possible light both figuratively and literally . but in stanley 's quest to find out the truth about belle reve and blanche 's life in auriol the interrelationships between stanley blanche stella and mitch may be irrevocably affected with any revelation about that life which may further destroy what 's left of blanche 's already damaged mental state .
a documentary of insect life in meadows and ponds using incredible close -ups slow motion and time -lapse photography . it includes bees collecting nectar ladybugs eating mites snails mating spiders wrapping their catch a scarab beetle relentlessly pushing its ball of dung uphill endless lines of caterpillars an underwater spider creating an air bubble to live in and a mosquito hatching .
jerry and his two pals russ and syd are just looking for some easy money to help them break out of their nowhere lives in their nowhere town . despite a bungled jewelry store heist which exposes their incompetance as criminals a fateful event (and an old black -and-white film ) convinces them that they can pull off an armored -truck robbery . while they are busy plotting their caper their dysfunctional families spin out of control all around them .
laurel ayres is a businesswoman trying to make it but unfortunately she works at a investment firm where she does all the work but all the senior investors like frank peterson grab all the credit . she then leaves and starts her own firm . while trying to find clients laurel pretends that she has a male partner named robert cutty . and when she starts to do well all of her clients wants to meet cutty which is difficult since he doesn 't exist .
the film follows the fortunes of charles and his friends as they wonder if they will ever find true love and marry . charles thinks he 's found "miss right " in carrie an american . this british subtle comedy revolves around charlie his friends and the four weddings and one funeral which they attend .
a partially idealized film of the controversial pornography publisher and how he became a defender of free speech for all people .
the filmmakers follow oliver north 's unsuccessful bid for a virginia senate seat focusing on north 's campaign strategist mark goodin and a washington post reporter . mudslinging ensues .
the loons are back again on golden pond and so are norman thayer a retired professor and ethel who have had a summer cottage there since early in their marriage . this summer their daughter chelsea -- whom they haven 't seen for years -- feels she must be there for norman 's birthday . she and her fiance are on their way to europe the next day but will be back in a couple of weeks to pick up the fiance 's son . when she returns chelsea is married and her stepson has the relationship with her father that she always wanted . will father and daughter be able to communicate at last ?
that famous jewel the pink panther has once again been stolen and inspector clouseau is called in to catch the thief . the inspector is convinced that 'the phantom ' has returned and utilises all of his resources - himself and his oriental manservant - to reveal the true identity of 'the phantom '.
a young woman who 's attempting to find her place in the world battles with her controlling mother and a womanizing husband finds comfort and confusion with the appearance of her childhood friend . it is a zappy movie that emphasizes self -actualization.
abyss portrays an urban reality that is characterized in different ways by migration - people in motion the transferal of money and power and the transgressions of the imagination . the ...
set during the anniversary of hong kong 's reunification with china fog tells the story of wai who suffers from a rare amnesia that wipes his memory entirely clean as he attempts to restart his life and embarks on a journey of self -discovery and redemption .
in when the u .s. president crashes into manhattan now a giant maximum security prison a convicted bank robber is sent in to rescue him .
veteran detective sang -gil and beat cop eun -yeong are in charge of a case that seems to involve a simple act of self -immolation. sang -gil initially thinks that it was an accident but dog bite marks discovered on the body lead him to believe that someone had terrorized and murdered the victim . he and eun -yeong investigate the source of the drugs found in the body and discover the victim had been pimping out young girls . at the same time another murder involving a wolf -dog crossbreed occurs the two cases are labeled serial killings . with a connection between the victims uncovered sang -gil and eun -yeong track down a potential witness . while questioning her one of the mysterious dogs strikes out of the blue killing the witness and stunning the cops .
in a rural french village an old man and his only remaining relative cast their covetous eyes on an adjoining vacant property . they need its spring water for growing their flowers so are dismayed to hear the man who has inherited it is moving in . they block up the spring and watch as their new neighbour tries to keep his crops watered from wells far afield through the hot summer . though they see his desperate efforts are breaking his health and his wife and daughter 's hearts they think only of getting the water .
in this the sequel to jean de florette manon (beart) has grown into a beautiful young shepherdess living in the idyllic provencal countryside . she determines to take revenge upon the men responsible for the death of her father in the first film .
a sheltered young high society woman joins the united states army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected .
history is turned on its comic head when in century england king arthur travels the countryside to find knights who will join him at the round table in camelot . gathering up the men is a tale in itself but after a bit of a party at camelot many decide to leave only to be stopped by god who sends them on a quest : to find the holy grail . after a series of individual adventures the knights are reunited but must face a wizard named tim killer rabbits and lessons in the use of holy hand grenades . their quest comes to an end however when the police intervene - just what you would expect in a monty python movie .
reminiscent of sunset boulevard hustler white transposes the action from the silver screen 's old movie backlots to contemporary male prostitution and the porn industry . said to be an homage to classic hollywood cinema .
nothing beats the original ; warren miller 's snowriders is the definition of epic . with skiers and riders like john egan brad vancour jeremy bloom and jt holmes you 're definitely going to ...
a documentary of the heavyweight championship bout in zaire "the rumble in the jungle " between champion george foreman and underdog challenger muhammad ali .
in medieval france some villagers challenge a man 's claim of identity when he (as he says ) returns home from some time in the army .
a very free adaptation of marlowe 's 'doctor faustus ' goethe 's 'faust' and various other treatments of the old legend of the man who sold his soul to the devil . svankmajer 's faust is a nondescript man who after being lured by a strange map into a sinister puppet theatre finds himself immersed in an indescribably weird version of the play blending live actors clay model animation and giant puppets .
this film -noir piece told in semi -documentary style follows police on the hunt for a resourceful criminal who shoots and kills a cop .
mark kaminski is kicked out of the fbi for his rough treatment of a suspect . he winds up as the sheriff of a small town in north carolina . fbi chief harry shannon whose son has been killed by a mobster named luigi patrovita enlists kaminski in a personal vendetta with a promise of reinstatement into the fbi if patrovita is taken down . to accomplish this kaminski must go undercover and join patrovita 's gang .
united states treasury agents o 'brien and genaro infiltrate a counterfeiting ring which has some dangerously good paper . this is supposedly based on several actual treasury cases .
danzig in the oskar matzerath son of a local dealer is a most unusual boy . equipped with full intellect right from his birth he decides at his third birthday not to grow up ...
the political authority has passed to lefts by force . the two extreme sides of the new order are expressed through the story of two friends which turns into a political thriller where political and human values collide . vasilis an agent of the regime of the ''left-wing liberty '' is in dilemma over whether or not to kill his best friend giorgos who is adherent of the right wing and he wants through his actions to restore the previous social structure and status . what is stronger ? the hypocrisy of political ideology or the human factor ? could the ruling class show a more human character in the name of friendship ? the conflict is inevitable ...
the film tells the story of two girls who are of totally different character . they know each other since their childhood and were friends until they became teenagers . but growing up and becoming adults they go different ways .
shows daily life in the small poitou town of chauvigny through the eyes of tanya an australian high school girl enrolled in the local collge d 'enseignement secondaire (c.e.s.). concentrates on people rather than monuments institutions or culture .
tom turner is a con man defrauding people from their money with a variety of two -bit hustles . one night he makes the mistake of attempting to hustle some undercover cops and finds himself in court faced with the dilemma of either going to jail or getting a real job . choosing to stay out of jail he gets a job at the post office working in their dead letter office helping to sort dead letters (i.e. mail which for whatever reason can 't be delivered ). some of the mail he recieves can 't be delivered because it 's addressed to god and he accidentally answers (sending them money in the process ). this starts the ball rolling as more of his co -workers get in on the idea of helping people by answering "god" mail .
one man 's struggle to contain the curse he hides within ... and his last -ditch attempt to free himself with the love of family . but when it looks as if he is losing his battle and ...
chronicles the six -month strike at hormel in austin minnesota in the local union p of the food and commercial workers overwhelmingly rejects a contract offer with a /hour wage cut . they strike and hire a new york consultant to manage a national media campaign against hormel . despite support from p rank and file fcwu 's international disagrees with the strategy . in addition to union -company tension there 's union -union in -fighting. hormel holds firm ; scabs replacement workers brothers on opposite sides a union coup d 'tat and a new contract materialize . the film asks was it worth it or was the strike a long -term disaster for organized labor ?
documentary -style look at the fictional senatorial campaign of bob roberts an arch -conservative folk singer turned politician . this political satire includes several original songs co -written and performed by writer /director/star tim robbins and cameo appearances by other stars as reporters and news anchors .
a famous film director remembers his childhood at the cinema paradiso where alfredo the projectionist first brought about his love of films . he returns home to his sicilian village for the first time after almost years and is reminded of his first love elena who disappeared from his life before he left for rome .
the wife of an abusive criminal finds solace in the arms of a kind regular guest in her husband 's restaurant .
what is going on here ?!? french director michel blanc (as himself ) just doesn 't understand why his life is suddenly falling apart . this nightmarish comedy -thriller is all about identity . what defines a famous person ? is it their public self or their private self ? what is the public 's legitimate claim on their fame ? with the glitterati of french cinema starring as themselves the anonymous faces in the audience gain a glimpse into the downside of public recognition .
the story is centered on a microcosm of a post -apocalyptic society where food is so rare it 's invaluable and is used as currency . the story centers on an apartment building with a delicatessen on the ground floor . the owner of the eatery also owns the apartment building and he is in need of a new maintenance man since the original "mysteriously" disappeared . a former clown applies for the job and the butcher 's intent is to have him work for a little while and then serve him to quirky tenants who pay the butcher in of course grain . the clown and butcher 's daughter fall in love and she tries to foil her father 's plans by contacting the "troglodytes" a grain eating sub -group of society who live entirely underground . the "trogs" are possibly the most sensible of the lot as they see food as food and not money .
two parallel stories about two identical women ; one living in poland the other in france . they don 't know each other but their lives are nevertheless profoundly connected .
this slow -paced gem is about the civilizing influence of italy on beleaguered londoners both male and female and has its own civilizing influence on the viewer . it 's almost like taking a little mini -trip to italy a gorgeously filmed enchantment .
the futility and irony of the war in the trenches in wwi is shown as a unit commander in the french army must deal with the mutiny of his men and a glory -seeking general after part of his force falls back under fire in an impossible attack .
stet a troubled and angry -year-old orphan from a small texas town ends up at a boy choir school back east after the death of his single mom . completely out of his element he finds himself in a battle of wills with a demanding choir master who recognizes a unique talent in this young boy as he pushes him to discover his creative heart and soul in music .
a marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president . ultimately double -crossed and framed for the attempt he goes on the run to find the real killer and the reason he was set up .
october in war torn italy . hana a french -canadian nurse working in a mobile army medical unit feels like everything she loves in life dies on her . because of the difficulty traveling and the dangers especially as the landscape is still heavily booby -trapped with mines hana volunteers to stay behind at a church to care solely for a dying semi -amnesiac patient who is badly burned and disfigured . she agrees to catch up to the rest of the unit after he dies . all the patient remembers is that he is english and that he is married . their solitude is disrupted with the arrival at the church of fellow canadian david caravaggio part of the intelligence service who is certain that he knows the patient as a man who cooperated with the germans . caravaggio believes that the patient 's memory is largely in tact and that he is running away from his past in part or in its entirety . the patient does open up about his past all surrounding his work as a cartographer in north africa which was interrupted by the war . he may not be running from his work as a spy for the germans as caravaggio believes but rather the memory of an affair he had with married katherine clifton the love of his life and the memory of a promise not totally fulfilled . hana may also test her theory of her fates with love and death as she embarks on a relationship of her own with kip singh a sikh from india whose unit has camped on the now overgrown lawn of the church . their work entails sweeping for and diffusing mines the discovery of one such mine which had earlier saved her life .
greek sea world war ii . an italian ship leaves a handful of soldiers in a little island ; their mission is to spot enemy ships and to hold the island in case of attack . the village of the island seems abandoned and there isn 't a single enemy in sight so the soldiers begin to relax a little . things change when their ship is hit and destroyed by the enemy and the soldiers find themselves abandoned there . actually the island isn 't deserted and when the greeks understand that those italians are harmless they came out of their hiding places in the mountains and continue their peaceful lives . soon the soldiers discover that being left behind in a god -forgotten greek island isn 't such a bad thing after all ...
christy brown is a spastic quadriplegic born to a large poor irish family . his mother mrs brown recognizes the intelligence and humanity in the lad everyone else regards as a vegetable . eventually christy matures into a cantankerous writer who uses his only functional limb his left foot to write with .
after moving in together in an impossibly beautiful new york apartment carrie bradshaw and mr . big make a rather arbitrary decision to get married . the wedding itself proves to be anything but a hasty affair --the guest list quickly blooms from to guests and carrie 's simple label -less wedding gown gives way to an enormous creation that makes her look like a gigantic cream puff . an upcoming photo spread in vogue puts the event --which will take place at the new york public library --squarely in the public eye . meanwhile carrie 's girlfriends --samantha the sexpot ; charlotte the sweet naf ; and miranda the rigid perfectionist --could not be happier . at least they couldn 't be happier for carrie . charlotte still has the unrealized hope of getting pregnant . samantha is finding a loving committed relationship more grueling than she could have imagined . miranda unwittingly lets her own unhappiness --created when steve admits to cheating on her just once --spoil carrie 's. after a heated encounter with steve she happens to spot mr . big and tells him he 's crazy to get married . she 's really only thinking of her own marriage . but her angry remark gets mr . big to thinking .
may -alice culhane was a successful soap opera star but a car accident has left her bound to a wheelchair . she returns to her now -empty family home in the bayous of louisiana which she had ...
scott hastings is a champion caliber ballroom dancer but much to the chagrin of the australian ballroom dance community scott believes in dancing "his own steps ". fran is a beginning dancer and a bit of an ugly duckly who has the audacity to ask to be scott 's partner after his unorthodox style causes his regular partner to dance out of his life . together these two misfits try to win the australian pan pacific championships and show the ballroom confederation that they are wrong when they say "there are no new steps !"
two undercover detectives recount a drug bust gone wrong .
ricky is released from a mental hospital and knows exactly what he wants to do . he hunts down marina a porn film star he once had sex with and tries to convince her to be his wife . she is a bit reluctant so he ties her up . will this approach endear him to her ?
in a small croatian village in a carpenter kuzma falls for much younger ana . in spite of their surroundings ' opposition towards their relationship the couple marries and ana gives birth to their son . being also familiar with the statuary he makes a sculpture of madonna for the local church . a quiet life of the village is disturbed when the first clashes between croats and serbs arise .
a chronicle of new york 's drag scene in the focusing on balls voguing and the ambitions and dreams of those who gave the era its warmth and vitality .
a criminal pleads insanity after getting into trouble again and once in the mental institution rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
an elderly man reads the book "the princess bride " to his sick and thus currently bedridden adolescent grandson the reading of the book which has been passed down within the family for generations . the grandson is sure he won 't like the story with a romance at its core he preferring something with lots of action and "no kissing ". but the grandson is powerless to stop his grandfather whose feelings he doesn 't want to hurt . the story centers on buttercup a former farm girl who has been chosen as the princess bride to prince humperdinck of florian . buttercup does not love him she who still laments the death of her one true love westley five years ago . westley was a hired hand on the farm his stock answer of "as you wish " to any request she made of him which she came to understand was his way of saying that he loved her . but westley went away to sea only to be killed by the dread pirate roberts . on a horse ride to clear her mind of her upcoming predicament of marriage buttercup is kidnapped by a band of bandits : vizzini who works on his wits and his two associates a giant named fezzik who works on his brawn and a spaniard named inigo montoya who has trained himself his entire life to be an expert swordsman . they in turn are chased by the dread pirate roberts himself . but chasing them all is the prince and his men led by count tyrone rugen . what happens to these collectives is dependent partly on buttercup who does not want to marry the prince and may see other options as lesser evils and partly on the other motives of individuals within the groups . but a larger question is what the grandson will think of the story as it proceeds and at its end especially as he sees justice as high a priority as action .
the year is . an archeology professor named indiana jones is venturing in the jungles of south america searching for a golden statue . unfortunately he sets off a deadly trap but miraculously escapes . then jones hears from a museum curator named marcus brody about a biblical artifact called the ark of the covenant which can hold the key to humanly existence . jones has to venture to vast places such as nepal and egypt to find this artifact . however he will have to fight his enemy rene belloq and a band of nazis in order to reach it .
sam lowry is a harried technocrat in a futuristic society that is needlessly convoluted and inefficient . he dreams of a life where he can fly away from technology and overpowering bureaucracy and spend eternity with the woman of his dreams . while trying to rectify the wrongful arrest of one harry buttle lowry meets the woman he is always chasing in his dreams jill layton . meanwhile the bureaucracy has fingered him responsible for a rash of terrorist bombings and both sam and jill 's lives are put in danger .
fifty seven years after ellen ripley survived her disastrous ordeal her escape vessel is recovered after drifting across the galaxy as she slept in cryogenic stasis . back on earth nobody believed her story about the "aliens" on the moon lv after the "company" orders the colony on lv to investigate however all communication with the colony is lost . the company enlists ripley to aid a team of tough rugged space marines on a rescue mission to the now partially terraformed moon to find out if there are aliens or survivors . as the mission unfolds ripley will be forced to come to grips with her worst nightmare but even as she does she finds that the worst is yet to come .
john halder is a 'good' and decent individual with family problems : a neurotic wife two demanding children and a mother suffering from senile dementia . a literary professor halder explores his personal circumstances in a novel advocating compassionate euthanasia . when the book is unexpectedly enlisted by powerful political figures in support of government propaganda halder finds his career rising in an optimistic current of nationalism and prosperity . seemingly inconsequential decisions lead to choices which lead to more choices ... with eventually devastating effect .
london - two 'resting' (unemployed and unemployable ) actors withnail and marwood fed up with damp cold piles of washing -up mad drug dealers and psychotic irishmen decide to leave their squalid camden flat for an idyllic holiday in the countryside courtesy of withnail 's uncle monty 's country cottage . but when they get there it rains non -stop there 's no food and their basic survival skills turn out to be somewhat limited . matters are not helped by the arrival of uncle monty who shows an uncomfortably keen interest in marwood ...
the defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or innocent of murdering his father . what begins as an open -and-shut case of murder soon becomes a detective story that presents a succession of clues creating doubt and a mini -drama of each of the jurors ' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial the accused and each other . based on the play all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room .
the story of t .e. lawrence the english officer who successfully united and lead the diverse often warring arab tribes during world war i in order to fight the turks .
protagonist alex delarge is an "ultraviolent" youth in futuristic britain . as with all luck his eventually runs out and he 's arrested and convicted of murder and rape . while in prison alex learns of an experimental program in which convicts are programmed to detest violence . if he goes through the program his sentence will be reduced and he will be back on the streets sooner than expected . but alex 's ordeals are far from over once he hits the mean streets of britain that he had a hand in creating .
small -town alabama . atticus finch (played by gregory peck ) is a lawyer and a widower . he has two young children jem and scout . atticus finch is currently defending tom robinson a black man accused of raping a white woman . meanwhile jem and scout are intrigued by their neighbours the radleys and the mysterious seldom -seen boo radley in particular .
it is the height of the war in vietnam and u .s. army captain willard is sent by colonel lucas and a general to carry out a mission that officially 'does not exist - nor will it ever exist '. the mission : to seek out a mysterious green beret colonel walter kurtz whose army has crossed the border into cambodia and is conducting hit -and-run missions against the viet cong and nva . the army believes kurtz has gone completely insane and willard 's job is to eliminate him ! willard sent up the nung river on a u .s. navy patrol boat discovers that his target is one of the most decorated officers in the u .s. army . his crew meets up with surfer -type lt -colonel kilgore head of a u .s army helicopter cavalry group which eliminates a viet cong outpost to provide an entry point into the nung river . after some hair -raising encounters in which some of his crew are killed willard lance and chef reach colonel kurtz 's outpost beyond the do lung bridge . now after becoming prisoners of kurtz will willard & the others be able to fulfill their mission ?
a mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
an angel tires of overseeing human activity and wishes to become human when he falls in love with a mortal .
third man is a story about boxing and five black brothers surviving the deep south in the 's. after being abandoned by their parents the paul boys ; sam peter jimmy robert and john - who goes by flap jack do what they must to provide for one another . the boys live in a two -room shack on mill street just south of the rusty bridge along the railroad tracks . they have a lot of fight and a little faith when they meet an old man with a book at the edge of the riverbank .
henry hill might be a small time gangster who may have taken part in a robbery with jimmy conway and tommy de vito two other gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher . his two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery and slowly start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the mob . henry however might be badly affected by his partners ' success but will he consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of jimmy and tommy ?
a commercial crew aboard the deep space towing vessel nostromo is on its way home when they pick up an sos warning from a distant moon . what they don 't know is that the sos warning is not like any other ordinary warning call . picking up the signal the crew realize that they are not alone on the spaceship when an alien stowaway is on the cargo ship .
ash is transported with his car to a .d. where he is captured by lord arthur and turned slave with duke henry the red and a couple of his men . when ash is thrown into a pit he defeats two monsters and wins respect of arthur 's army and vassals . the wiseman points ash as the chosen one that will retrieve the necronomicon but ash is only interested in returning home . when he learns that the only way to return to his time is using the necronomicon ash decides to travel to the unholy land of the deadites . the wiseman advises that he must say the words "klaatu barada nikto " to safely get the evil book . however ash forgets the last word and an army of the dead resurrects to attack arthur fortress and recover the necronomicon . the battle between the living and the dead is about to start and the support of henry the red is the only way to help ash and arthur to defeat the army of darkness .
imaginary friends can do more than make us laugh and serve invisible tea . ashley discovers her parents plan to move and in an attempt to escape their demands she sets out to get her imaginary friend a job .
japanese warlord hidetori ichimonji decides the time has come to retire and divide his fiefdom among his three sons . his eldest and middle sons - taro and jiro - agree with his decision and promise to support him for his remaining days . the youngest son saburo disagrees with all of them arguing that there is little likelihood the three brothers will remain united . insulted by his son 's brashness the warlord banishes saburo . as the warlord begins his retirement he quickly realizes that his two eldest sons selfish and have no intention of keeping their promises . it leads to war and only banished saburo can possibly save him .
loosely based on a true story killer elite pits two of the worlds ' most elite operatives - danny a ruthless killer -for-hire (jason statham ) and hunter his longtime mentor (robert de niro ) - against the cunning leader of a secret society of former special air service operatives ('clive owen '). covering the globe from australia to paris london and the middle east danny and hunter are plunged into a highly dangerous game of revenge and deception - where things are not always what they appear to be .
phoenix officeworker marion crane is fed up with the way life has treated her . she has to meet her lover sam in lunch breaks and they cannot get married because sam has to give most of his money away in alimony . one friday marion is trusted to bank by her employer . seeing the opportunity to take the money and start a new life marion leaves town and heads towards sam 's california store . tired after the long drive and caught in a storm she gets off the main highway and pulls into the bates motel . the motel is managed by a quiet young man called norman who seems to be dominated by his mother .
after the release of jake blues from prison he and brother elwood go to visit "the penguin " the last of the nuns who raised them in a boarding school . they learn the archdiocese will stop supporting the school and will sell the place to the education authority . the only way to keep the place open is if the tax on the property is paid within days . the blues brothers want to help and decide to put their blues band back together and raise the the money by staging a big gig . as they set off on their "mission from god " they seem to make more enemies along the way . will they manage to come up with the money in time ?
two youngsters from rival clans fall in love .
a two -segment look at the effect of the military mindset and war itself on vietnam era marines . the first half follows a group of recruits in boot camp under the command of the punishing gunnery sergeant hartman . the second half shows one of those recruits joker covering the war as a correspondent for stars and stripes focusing on the tet offensive .
king henry v of england is insulted by the king of france . as a result he leads his army into battle against france . along the way the young king must struggle with the sinking morale of his troops and his own inner doubts . the war culminates at the bloody battle of agincourt .
antonio salieri believes that wolfgang amadeus mozart 's music is divine and miraculous . he wishes he was himself as good a musician as mozart so that he can praise the lord through composing . he began his career as a devout man who believes his success and talent as a composer are god 's rewards for his piety . he 's also content as the respected financially well -off court composer of austrian emperor joseph ii . but he 's shocked to learn that mozart is such a vulgar creature and can 't understand why god favored mozart to be his instrument . salieri 's envy has made him an enemy of god whose greatness was evident in mozart . he is ready to take revenge against god and mozart for his own musical mediocrity .
sean thornton has returned from america to reclaim his homestead and escape his past . sean 's eye is caught by mary kate danaher a beautiful but poor maiden and younger sister of ill -tempered "red" will danaher . the riotous relationship that forms between sean and mary kate punctuated by will 's pugnacious attempts to keep them apart form the main plot with sean 's past as the dark undercurrent .
epic tale of a group of jewish gangsters in new york from childhood through their glory years during prohibition and their meeting again years later .
when jake lamotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent he 's a prizefighter . but when he treats his family and friends the same way he 's a ticking time bomb ready to go off at any moment . though lamotta wants his family 's love something always seems to come between them . perhaps it 's his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy . this kind of rage helped make him a champ but in real life he winds up in the ring alone .
neurotic new york comedian alvy singer falls in love with the ditzy annie hall .
tom wolfe 's book on the history of the u .s. space program reads like a novel and the film has that same fictional quality . it covers the breaking of the sound barrier by chuck yeager to the mercury astronauts showing that no one had a clue how to run a space program or how to select people to be in it . thrilling funny charming and electrifying all at once .
a guide leads two men through an area known as the zone to find a room that grants wishes .
best friends dana and julia drink alcopops in julia 's mum 's car while the boys hang out on a park bench smoking weed . it 's time to leave for the party and julia discovers she has more than ...
-year-old alexander is the smallest kid in his eighth grade class . a tough girl cell -films him in the shower and shares the video with the class earning him the nickname "mini". ...
self -destructive and needy but wealthy teenager harold is obsessed with death and spends his leisure time attending funerals watching the demolition of buildings visiting junkyards simulating suicides trying to get the attention of his indifferent snobbish and egocentric mother and having sessions with his psychologist . when harold meets the anarchic seventy -nine-year-old maude at a funeral they become friends and the old lady discloses other perspectives of the cycle of life for him . meanwhile his mother enlists him in a dating service and tries to force him to join the army . on the day of maude 's eightieth birthday harold proposes to her but he finds the truth about life at the end of hers .
a teenage girl is targeted by an online sexual predator .
a knight and his squire are home from the crusades . black death is sweeping their country . as they approach home death appears to the knight and tells him it is his time . the knight challenges death to a chess game for his life . the knight and death play as the cultural turmoil envelopes the people around them as they try in different ways to deal with the upheaval the plague has caused .
an american oil company sends a man to scotland to buy up an entire village where they want to build a refinery . but things don 't go as expected .
a young man 's mother is bitten by a sumatran rat -monkey. she gets sick and dies at which time she comes back to life killing and eating dogs nurses friends and neighbors .
robert gould shaw leads the us civil war 's first all -black volunteer company fighting prejudices of both his own union army and the confederates .
the life of a divorced television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend 's mistress .
tom regan an advisor to a prohibition -era crime boss tries to keep the peace between warring mobs but gets caught in divided loyalties .
painfully shy todd anderson has been sent to the school where his popular older brother was valedictorian . his room -mate neil perry although exceedingly bright and popular is very much under the thumb of his overbearing father . the two along with their other friends meet professor keating their new english teacher who tells them of the dead poets society and encourages them to go against the status quo . each in their own way does this and are changed for life .
a disillusioned college graduate finds himself torn between his older lover and her daughter .
a stark perverse story of murder kidnapping and police corruption in a mexican border town .
nikita est trs jeune elle a vingt ans mais elle a emprunt une mauvaise voie . pendant un hold -up avec sa bande elle tue un policier et est condamne la prison vie . les services secrets par contre lui offrent une voie de sortie : devenir un agent spcial prt tout leur service . nikita accepte et commence ainsi un apprentissage trs dur qui concerne non seulement les diffrents modes de tuer de prendre la fuite ou de faire face des situations imprvues mais aussi la manire de se comporter en femme qui a de la classe capable de se conduire avec aisance dans tous les milieux . sous la conduite de bob nikita arrive freiner son caractre rebelle et surmonter la terrible preuve finale . elle semble tre devenue une personne diffrente et tombe amoureuse . mais faut -il faire confiance aux services secrets ?
the film deals with the situation of british prisoners of war during world war ii who are ordered to build a bridge to accommodate the burma -siam railway . their instinct is to sabotage the bridge but under the leadership of colonel nicholson they are persuaded that the bridge should be constructed as a symbol of british morale spirit and dignity in adverse circumstances . at first the prisoners admire nicholson when he bravely endures torture rather than compromise his principles for the benefit of the japanese commandant saito . he is an honorable but arrogant man who is slowly revealed to be a deluded obsessive . he convinces himself that the bridge is a monument to british character but actually is a monument to himself and his insistence on its construction becomes a subtle form of collaboration with the enemy . unknown to him the allies have sent a mission into the jungle led by warden and an american shears to blow up the bridge .
x is a wry comedy that follows a nameless everyman lost in the morass of the job interview circuit . you 'll laugh you 'll cry you 'll scream in terror !!!
a private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit corruption and murder .
dr . helen benson is summoned to a military facility with several other scientists when an alien spacecraft of sorts arrives in new york city . aboard is a human -like alien and a giant robot of immense size and power . the alien identifies himself as klaatu and says he has come to save the earth . the us military and political authorities see him as a threat however and decide to use so -called intensive interrogation techniques on him but dr . benson decides to facilitate his escape . when she learns exactly what he means when he says he is there to save the earth she tries to convince him to change his intentions .
fred c . dobbs and bob curtin both down on their luck in tampico mexico in meet up with a grizzled prospector named howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central mexico . through enormous difficulties they eventually succeed in finding gold but bandits the elements and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster .
the population of a small town disappears and is replaced by aliens that chase human flesh for their intergalactic fast -food chain .
the small state of freedonia is in a financial mess borrowing a huge sum of cash from wealthy widow mrs . teasdale . she insists on replacing the current president with crazy rufus t . firefly and mayhem erupts . to make matters worse the neighboring state sends inept spies chicolini and pinky to obtain top secret information creating even more chaos !
the teenager lane meyer has a crush on his girlfriend beth truss . when beth dumps him to stay with the successful skier roy stalin lane is depressed and decides to commit suicide . however he gives up and tries to improve his skill of skier to ski the dangerous slope to impress beth . meanwhile his neighbor mrs . smith receives the exchange french student monique junot and her fat son ricky smith considers monique his girlfriend ; however monique has an unrequited crush on lane that does not note her . when lane stumbles upon monique in a high -school party he befriends her . the upset lane challenges roy in a competition on the slope but then he regrets . however monique is a great mechanic and skier and fix lane 's camaro and teaches him how to ski the slope . what will happen to lane ?
signing a contract jack torrance a normal writer and former teacher agrees to take care of a hotel which has a long violent past that puts everyone in the hotel in a nervous situation . while jack slowly gets more violent and angry of his life his son danny tries to use a special talent the "shining" to inform the people outside about whatever that is going on in the hotel .
it 's the summer of in castlerock oregon and four year -old boys - gordie chris teddy and vern - are fast friends . after learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days they set off into woods to see it . along the way they learn about themselves the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right .
when the police in a german city are unable to catch a child -murderer other criminals join in the manhunt .
the lone survivor of an onslaught of flesh -possessing spirits holes up in a cabin with a group of strangers while the demons continue their attack .
a woman leaves her husband to be with a woman she met decades earlier .
a young opera -loving mailman jules becomes inadvertently entangled in murder when a young woman fleeing two mob hit men drops an incriminating cassette into his mailbag . jules has just recently recorded opera star cynthia hawkins ' latest concert something of a coup as hawkins refuses to make recordings of any kind . soon jules finds himself the target of the hit men who want the voice recording and also of another couple of ominous and mysterious agents .
a weather man is reluctantly sent to cover a story about a weather forecasting "rat" (as he calls it ). this is his fourth year on the story and he makes no effort to hide his frustration . on awaking the 'following' day he discovers that it 's groundhog day again and again and again . first he uses this to his advantage then comes the realisation that he is doomed to spend the rest of eternity in the same place seeing the same people do the same thing every day .
the town of big whisky is full of normal people trying to lead quiet lives . cowboys try to make a living . sheriff 'little bill ' tries to build a house and keep a heavy -handed order . the town whores just try to get by .then a couple of cowboys cut up a whore . dissatisfied with bill 's justice the prostitutes put a bounty on the cowboys . the bounty attracts a young gun billing himself as 'the schofield kid ' and aging killer william munny . munny reformed for his young wife and has been raising crops and two children in peace . but his wife is gone . farm life is hard . and munny is no good at it . so he calls his old partner ned saddles his ornery nag and rides off to kill one more time blurring the lines between heroism and villainy man and myth .
in the midst of the gulf war soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes .
mark is an intelligent but shy teenager who has just moved to arizona from the east coast . his parents give him a short -wave radio so he can talk to his pals but instead he sets up shop as pirate deejay hard harry who becomes a hero to his peers while inspiring the wrath of the local high school principal . when one of harry 's listeners commits suicide and harry - inspired chaos breaks out at the school the authorities are called in to put a stop to harry 's broadcasts .
mortimer brewster is a newspaperman and author known for his diatribes against marriage . we watch him being married at city hall in the opening scene . now all that is required is a quick trip home to tell mortimer 's two maiden aunts . while trying to break the news he finds out his aunts ' hobby ; killing lonely old men and burying them in the cellar . it gets worse .
marty mcfly a -year-old high school student is accidentally sent years into the past in a time -traveling delorean invented by his close friend the maverick scientist doc brown .
a housewife who is unhappy with her life befriends an old lady in a nursing home and is enthralled by the tales she tells of people she used to know .
the world war ii phase of the career of the controversial american general george s . patton .
dj zack and pimp jack end up in prison for being too laid -back to avoid being framed for crimes they didn 't commit . they end up sharing a cell with eccentric italian optimist roberto whose limited command of the english language is both entertaining and infuriating . more useful to them is the fact that roberto knows an escape route .
kaneda is a bike gang leader whose close friend tetsuo gets involved in a government secret project known as akira . on his way to save tetsuo kaneda runs into a group of anti -government activists greedy politicians irresponsible scientists and a powerful military leader . the confrontation sparks off tetsuo 's supernatural power leading to bloody death a coup attempt and the final battle in tokyo olympiad where akira 's secrets were buried years ago .
an immortal scottish swordsman must confront the last of his immortal opponent a murderously brutal barbarian who lusts for the fabled "prize".
luke jackson is a cool gutsy prisoner in a southern chain gang who while refusing to buckle under to authority keeps escaping and being recaptured . the prisoners admire luke because as dragline explains it "you're an original that 's what you are !" nevertheless the camp staff actively works to crush luke until he finally breaks .
a dashing officer of the guard and romantic poet cyrano de bergerac is in love with his cousin roxane without her knowing . his one curse in his life he feels is his large nose and although it may have been a forming influence in his rapier -sharp wit he believes that roxane will reject him . he resorts to writing letters to her on behalf of one of his cadets christian who is also in love with roxane but just doesn 't know how to tell her . she falls for the poetic charm of the letters but believes that they were written by christian .
an american grandson of the infamous scientist struggling to prove that he is not as insane as people believe is invited to transylvania where he discovers the process that reanimates a dead body .
a collection of five stories involving cab drivers in five different cities . los angeles - a talent agent for the movies discovers her cab driver would be perfect to cast but the cabbie is reluctant to give up her solid cab driver 's career . new york - an immigrant cab driver is continually lost in a city and culture he doesn 't understand . paris - a blind girl takes a ride with a cab driver from the ivory coast and they talk about life and blindness . rome - a gregarious cabbie picks up an ailing man and virtually talks him to death . helsinki - an industrial worker gets laid off and he and his compatriots discuss the bleakness and unfairness of love and life and death .
a young woman becomes the fourth wife of a wealthy lord and must learn to live with the strict rules and tensions within the household .
twenty years after the end of wwi in which the nation of tomainia was on the losing side adenoid hynkel has risen to power as the ruthless dictator of the country . he believes in a pure aryan state and the decimation of the jews . this situation is unknown to a simple jewish -tomainian barber who has since been hospitalized the result of a wwi battle . upon his release the barber who had been suffering from memory loss about the war is shown the new persecuted life of the jews by many living in the jewish ghetto including a washerwoman named hannah with whom he begins a relationship . the barber is ultimately spared such persecution by commander schultz who he saved in that wwi battle . the lives of all jews in tomainia are eventually spared with a policy shift by hynkel himself who is doing so for ulterior motives . but those motives include a want for world domination starting with the invasion of neighboring osterlich which may be threatened by benzino napaloni the dictator of neighboring bacteria . ultimately schultz who has turned traitor against hynkel 's regime and the barber may be able to join forces to take control of the situation they using schultz 's inside knowledge of the workings of the regime and the barber 's uncanny resemblance to one of those in power .
disney animators set pictures to western classical music as leopold stokowski conducts the philadelphia orchestra . "the sorcerer 's apprentice " features mickey mouse as an aspiring magician who oversteps his limits . "the rite of spring " tells the story of evolution from single -celled animals to the death of the dinosaurs . "dance of the hours " is a comic ballet performed by ostriches hippos elephants and alligators . "night on bald mountain " and "ave maria " set the forces of darkness and light against each other as a devilish revel is interrupted by the coming of a new day .
on the day he gets married and hangs up his badge lawman will kane is told that a man he sent to prison years before frank miller is returning on the noon train to exact his revenge . having initially decided to leave with his new spouse will decides he must go back and face miller . however when he seeks the help of the townspeople he has protected for so long they turn their backs on him . it seems kane may have to face miller alone as well as the rest of miller 's gang who are waiting for him at the station ...
the big sleep is the story of a private investigator named philip marlowe hired by a wealthy general to find out and stop his youngest daughter carmen from being blackmailed about her gambling debts ; things almost immediately unravel and blow up from here as marlowe finds himself deep within a web of love triangles blackmail murder gambling and organized crime . marlowe with the help of the general 's eldest daughter vivian skillfully plot to free the family from this web and trap the main main behind much of this mischief eddie to meet his end at the hands of his own henchmen .
a regular girl veronica tries to survive the social jungle of high school by sticking with the three most popular girls at school who are all called heather . as she meets a sociopath named jd her life spirals into a continuous cycle of hate unintentional murder and indifference as she exacts revenge on her enemies also known as her best friends .
a chicago playwright uses self -hypnosis to find the actress whose vintage portrait hangs in a grand hotel .
judah ben -hur lives as a rich jewish prince and merchant in jerusalem at the beginning of the century . together with the new governor his old friend messala arrives as commanding officer of the roman legions . at first they are happy to meet after a long time but their different politic views separate them . during the welcome parade a roof tile falls down from judah 's house and injures the governor . although messala knows they are not guilty he sends judah to the galleys and throws his mother and sister into prison . but judah swears to come back and take revenge .
spinal tap one of england 's loudest bands is chronicled by film director marty debergi on what proves to be a fateful tour .
a collection of expertly photographed phenomena with no conventional plot . the footage focuses on nature humanity and the relationship between them .
when keith goes out with amanda the girl of his dreams amanda 's ex -boyfriend plans to get back at keith . meanwhile keith 's best friend tomboy watts realizes she has feelings for keith .
an art collector appeals to jones to embark on a search for the holy grail . he learns that another archaeologist has disappeared while searching for the precious goblet and the missing man is his own father dr . henry jones . the artifact is much harder to find than they expected and its powers are too much for those impure in heart .
a simple -minded gardener named chance has spent all his life in the washington d .c. house of an old man . when the man dies chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television . after a run in with a limousine he ends up a guest of a woman (eve) and her husband ben an influential but sickly businessman . now called chauncey gardner chance becomes friend and confidante to ben and an unlikely political insider .
in gandhi is thrown off a south african train for being an indian and traveling in a first class compartment . gandhi realizes that the laws are biased against indians and decides to start a non -violent protest campaign for the rights of all indians in south africa . after numerous arrests and the unwanted attention of the world the government finally relents by recognizing rights for indians though not for the native blacks of south africa . after this victory gandhi is invited back to india where he is now considered something of a national hero . he is urged to take up the fight for india 's independence from the british empire . gandhi agrees and mounts a non -violent non -cooperation campaign of unprecedented scale coordinating millions of indians nationwide . there are some setbacks such as violence against the protesters and gandhi 's occasional imprisonment . nevertheless the campaign generates great attention and britain faces intense public pressure . too weak from world war ii to continue enforcing its will in india britain finally grants india 's independence . indians celebrate this victory but their troubles are far from over . religious tensions between hindus and muslims erupt into nation -wide violence . gandhi declares a hunger strike saying he will not eat until the fighting stops . the fighting does stop eventually but the country is divided . it is decided that the northwest area of india and eastern part of india (current day bangladesh ) both places where muslims are in the majority will become a new country called pakistan (west and east pakistan respectively ). it is hoped that by encouraging the muslims to live in a separate country violence will abate . gandhi is opposed to the idea and is even willing to allow muhammad ali jinnah to become the first prime minister of india but the partition of india is carried out nevertheless . gandhi spends his last days trying to bring about peace between both nations . he thereby angers many dissidents on both sides one of whom finally gets close enough to assassinate him .
tomas is a doctor and a lady -killer in czechoslovakia an apolitical man who is struck with love for the bookish country girl tereza ; his more sophisticated sometime lover sabina eventually accepts their relationship and the two women form an electric friendship . the three are caught up in the events of the prague spring until the soviet tanks crush the non -violent rebels ; their illusions are shattered and their lives change forever .
teenage geniuses deal with their abilities while developing a laser .
a confined but troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone .
a woman 's body was dumped in the bayou and left to decompose for three months . a retired detective comes out of retirement to help solve the case .
a boy and his brother don 't get along well . in order to let their ill mother rest they 're separated and sent each one with their relatives .
when adams and his crew are sent to investigate the silence from a planet inhabited by scientists he finds all but two have died . dr . morbius and his daughter altaira have somehow survived a hideous monster which roams the planet . unknown to adams morbius has made a discovery and has no intention of sharing it (or his daughter !) with anyone .
iowa farmer ray kinsella hears a voice in his corn field tell him "if you build it he will come ." he interprets this message as an instruction to build a baseball field on his farm upon which appear the ghosts of shoeless joe jackson and the other seven chicago white sox players banned from the game for throwing the world series . when the voices continue ray seeks out a reclusive author to help him understand the meaning of the messages and the purpose for his field .
two british soldiers in india decide to resign from the army and set themselves up as deities in kafiristan --a land where no white man has set foot since alexander .
two western bank /train robbers flee to bolivia when the law gets too close .
pierre a professional dancer suffers from a serious heart disease . while he is waiting for a transplant which may (or may not ) save his life he has nothing better to do than look at the people around him from the balcony of his paris apartment . when elise his sister with three kids and no husband moves in to his place to care for him pierre does not change his new habits . and instead of dancing himself it is paris and the parisians who dance before his eyes .
set in a woman (dommartin) has a car accident with some bank robbers who enlist her help to take the bank money to a drop in paris . on the way she runs into another fugitive from the law (hurt) an american who is being chased by the cia . the charges are false he claims . they want to confiscate a device his father invented which allows anyone to record their dreams and vision . on the run from both the bank robbers and the cia the couple span the globe ending up in australia at his father 's (von sydow ) research facility where they hope to play back the recordings hurt captured for his blind mother . set in the futuristic year of a subplot about a damaged indian nuclear satellite crashing and causing the end of civilization is a puzzling addition to the film .
harry and sally have known each other for years and are very good friends but they fear sex would ruin the friendship .
the world of grunge . this documentary examines the seattle scene as it became the focus of a merging of punk rock heavy metal and innovation . building from the grass roots self -promoted and self -recorded until break -out success of bands like nirvana brought the record industry to the pacific northwest a phenomenon was born . more than just an examination of the music this is a look at how this artistic movement became a societal and fashion trend with a major effect on american culture .
an evil millionaire believes he is santa claus after an accident renders him amnesiac .
dresses lipsticks sex - the "perversions" (and neuroses ) of eve a young very successful lawyer . her days are a tightrope act between extreme eloquence and frosty toughness on the one side and scaring vulnerability on the other . the climax of her career shall be the possibly forthcoming appointment as a judge but this step seems to be interrupted by her kleptomaniac sister mad who is arrested after one of her raids . eve travels to mad 's town to stand by her in the jail . their struggle about mad 's illness evokes suppressed conflicts . eve stays at her sister 's flat where she meets a girl who fights with her budding femininity .
old nat moyer is a talker a philosopher and a troublemaker with a fanciful imagination . his companion is midge carter who is half -blind but still the super of an apartment house . when ...
a commercial crew aboard the deep space towing vessel nostromo is on its way home when they pick up an sos warning from a distant moon . what they don 't know is that the sos warning is not like any other ordinary warning call . picking up the signal the crew realize that they are not alone on the spaceship when an alien stowaway is on the cargo ship .
two american college students are on a walking tour of britain and are attacked by a werewolf . one is killed the other is mauled . the werewolf is killed but reverts to its human form and the local townspeople are unwilling to acknowledge its existence . the surviving student begins to have nightmares of hunting on four feet at first but then finds that his friend and other recent victims appear to him demanding that he commit suicide to release them from their curse being trapped between worlds because of their unnatural deaths .
a man who is separated from his wife moves into the infamous amityville house . their daughter dies in a boating accident (after being told that she is not allowed to go to the house ) and now the mother sees her deceased daughter "alive" in the house . mr . baxtor calls a paranormal investigator in to help and the investigator finds out the source of the household problems .
newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before .
newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before .
an italian -american family move into a house built on an ancient indian burial ground . the oldest son is possessed by an evil spirit and is forced to murder his family . the family 's priest feels responsible and tries to save the possessed boy 's soul .
newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before .
five people spend the night in an abandoned house the amityville haunted house and soon find themselves terrorized by assorted ghosts venomous insects and ghostly apparitions .
an ailing vampire count travels to italy with his servant to find a bride .
nine college students staying at a friend 's remote island mansion begin to fall victim to an unseen murderer over the april fool 's day weekend .
in new york janice templeton is happily married to executive bill templeton and they live in a comfortable and fancy apartment with their eleven -year-old daughter ivy . one day janice is stalked by a weirdo and she tells her husband . soon afterwards the stranger contacts them and invites the couple to meet him in a restaurant . elliot hoover tells janice and bill that his daughter audrey rose died eleven years ago burned in a car crash and her soul has been reincarnated in ivy 's body . bill and janice believe that elliot is nuts and bill tells his lawyer to get a restraining order against elliot . however ivy has dreadful nightmares and only elliot is able to calm her down . when elliot abducts ivy bill and janice go to court to have him arrested . but elliot wants to prove that ivy and audrey rose are the same soul .
two paramedics responding to an emergency call find themselves kidnapped by a religious sect whose great obsession is to stop the end of the world by committing suicide and killing people .
melanie daniels is the modern rich socialite part of the jet -set who always gets what she wants . when lawyer mitch brenner sees her in a pet shop he plays something of a practical joke on her and she decides to return the favor . she drives about an hour north of san francisco to bodega bay where mitch spends the weekends with his mother lydia and younger sister cathy . soon after her arrival however the birds in the area begin to act strangely . a seagull attacks melanie as she is crossing the bay in a small boat and then lydia finds her neighbor dead obviously the victim of a bird attack . soon birds in the hundreds and thousands are attacking anyone they find out of doors . there is no explanation as to why this might be happening and as the birds continue their vicious attacks survival becomes the priority .
a dark comedic series about disconnection and desensitization . the one thing the blob will not allow is something outside it .
something or someone is attacking people one by one on the beach . some of them are mutilated but most of them are sucked into the sand disappearing without a trace . what is the creature ...
when bill chrashank loses his arm in a car accident the arm of an executed death row inmate is grafted on in its place . the only problem as bill soon discovers is that the arm is possessed by a force he cannot control .
after a harrowing ride through the carpathian mountains in eastern europe renfield enters castle dracula to finalize the transferral of carfax abbey in london to count dracula who is in actuality a vampire . renfield is drugged by the eerily hypnotic count and turned into one of his thralls protecting him during his sea voyage to london . after sucking the blood and turning the young lucy weston into a vampire dracula turns his attention to her friend mina seward daughter of dr . seward who then calls in a specialist dr . van helsing to diagnose the sudden deterioration of mina 's health . van helsing realizing that dracula is indeed a vampire tries to prepare mina 's fiance john harker and dr . seward for what is to come and the measures that will have to be taken to prevent mina from becoming one of the undead .
an experimental short composed of stark decontextualized images of the body flashing and floating by creating new forms .
ben and marian rolf rent a grand old country mansion as a summer getaway for themselves their twelve year old son davey and ben 's aunt elizabeth . they feel they can 't turn down the rent deal offered to them by the house 's owners siblings roz and arnold allardyce despite some reservations . first amongst those reservations they are to take care of the house on their own which ben feels is too big a job especially for marian and the interior housekeeping . in marian 's words the large size of the house is a "waste". and second and perhaps more important amongst those reservations the allardyces ' aged mother will be staying in her room at the house the rolfs who are to provide a tray of food left outside her room three times a day which marian vows to take care of on her own with no other members of the family to go into that isolated wing of the house so as not to disturb mrs . allardyce 's peace . upon their arrival at the house for the first day of their stay they find a note from roz and arnold stating that they had to leave on an emergency only with the necessary keys enclosed with no address or telephone number where they can be reached . as the summer progresses the family members individually begin to exhibit unusual and unexplainable behavior and unusual and unexplainable things start happening around the house . the strongest behavior ends up being marian 's total focus on renewing the house into what she says she wants it to be or so she implies she is doing . these occurrences threaten both the loving family dynamic as well as the individual lives of the four . the answers to what is happening may be who or what lies behind the closed and often locked door of mrs . allardyce 's bedroom .
the candyman a murderous soul with a hook for a hand is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster 's myth .
a convicted rapist released from prison after serving a fourteen -year sentence stalks the family of the lawyer who originally defended him .
a convicted rapist released from prison after serving a fourteen -year sentence stalks the family of the lawyer who originally defended him .
carrie white a shy friendless year -old girl who is sheltered by her domineering religious mother unleashes her telekinetic powers after being humiliated by her classmates at her senior prom .
a young woman 's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard .
on elm street nancy thompson and a group of her friends including tina gray rod lane and glen lantz are being tormented by a clawed killer in their dreams named freddy krueger . nancy must think quickly as freddy tries to pick off his victims one by one . when he has you in your sleep who is there to save you ?
wisbourg germany based estate agent knock dispatches his associate hutter to count orlok 's castle in transylvania as the count wants to purchase an isolated house in wisbourg . they plan on selling him the one across the way from hutter 's own home . hutter leaves his innocent wife ellen with some friends while he is away . hutter 's trek is an unusual one with many locals not wanting to take him near the castle where strange events have been occurring . once at the castle hutter does manage to sell the count the house but he also notices and feels unusual occurrences primarily feeling like there is a dark shadow hanging over him even in the daytime when the count is unusually asleep . hutter eventually sees the count 's sleeping chamber in a crypt and based on a book he has recently read believes the count is really a vampire or nosferatu . while hutter is trapped in the castle the count hiding in a shipment of coffins makes his way to wisbourg causing death along his way which most attribute to the plague . hutter himself tries to rush home to save his town and most importantly save ellen from nosferatu 's imminent arrival . in wisbourg ellen can feel the impending darkness as nosferatu gets closer . but she learns that a sinless woman can sacrifice herself to kill the vampire . will hutter be able to save ellen either from nosferatu and /or her self -sacrifice?
professor paris catalano visits venice to investigate the last known appearance of the famous vampire nosferatu during the carnival of .
a seemingly ordinary day ends up changing the lives of three youngsters : beem dan and big who work in a magazine art department . ending this particular day with a quarrel each storms ...
bob rafelson has stated that this is the final part of an informal trilogy he started with "five easy pieces " and continued with "the king of marvin gardens ". in the three nicholson has now played son brother and father . in this one nicholson is a wealthy wine dealer who has distanced himself from his wife with his philandering and from his son with his negligence . after he steals a diamond necklace with the help of a safecracker partner victor things start coming apart . his wife sets out to interrupt what she thinks is another one of his weekend dalliances but is really his trip to pawn the jewels .
three petty thieves who the police believe to be major criminals are chased into a basement bar where they take five hostages including all the bar employees . the rest of the movie deals with the cops lurking outside the bar while the trio try to get hold of the situation inside .
rose and gregory both columbia university professors meet when rose 's sister answers gregory 's "personals" ad . several times burned the handsome -but-boring gregory believes that sex has ...
drama set in a repressed deeply religious community in the north of scotland where a naive young woman named bess mcneil meets and falls in love with danish oil -rig worker jan . bess and jan are deeply in love but when jan returns to his rig bess prays to god that he returns for good . jan does return his neck broken in an accident aboard the rig . because of his condition jan and bess are now unable to enjoy a sexual relationship and jan urges bess to take another lover and tell him the details . as bess becomes more and more deviant in her sexual behavior the more she comes to believe that her actions are guided by god and are helping jan recover .
a law student takes a job as the night -watchman in a morgue thinking that he will have much time to study with his biggest problem being his paranoia in this scary setting . meanwhile a serial killer is on the loose and the student ends up getting mixed up with one of the murders becoming a suspect .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
as a child piano prodigy david helfgott 's musical ambitions generate friction with his overbearing father peter . when helfgott travels to london on a musical scholarship his career as a pianist blossoms . however the pressures of his newfound fame coupled with the echoes of his tumultuous childhood conspire to bring helfgott 's latent schizophrenia boiling to the surface and he spends years in and out of various mental institutions .
a partially handicapped man named karl is released from a mental hospital about years after murdering his mother and another person . karl is often questioned if he will ever kill again and he shrugs in response saying there is no reason to . now out of the mental institution karl settles in his old small hometown occupying himself by fixing motors . after meeting a young boy named frank who befriends him karl is invited to stay at frank 's house with his mother linda who views karl as a strange but kind and generous man . however linda 's abusive boyfriend doyle sees things differently in the way rules ought to be run - normally insulting linda 's homosexual friend vaughan as well as karl 's disabilities and having wild parties with his friends . as karl 's relationship with frank grows he is watchful of doyle 's cruel actions .
meet howard langston a salesman for a mattress company is constantly busy at his job and he also constantly disappoints his son after he misses his son 's karate exposition he tries hard to come up with a way to make it up to him this is when his son tells howard that he wants for christmas is an action figure of his son 's television hero turbo man . unfortunately for howard it is christmas eve and every store is sold out of turbo man figures now howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else including a mail man named myron to find a turbo man action figure and to make it to the wintertainment parade which will feature turbo man .
egotistical land developer mike stark hires a scientist by the name of hofstadter to develop a defoliant that would help him clear out an amazonian rain forest that 's on the property he 's recently bought in south america and where he 's preparing to build his latest business project more easily . hofstadter goes to visit the location himself and learns that the locals are quite scared and worried since some of those that stark hired to clear out the jungle have been found torn apart and there 's even talk that something other than animals is preying on them in the jungle . after witnessing a strange religious ceremony even hofstadter begins to feel that something isn 't right . stark is convinced that wild animals are behind the attacks and that the locals are just being superstitious . however he decides to visit the location himself . archaeologist dr . christine dumaurier who 's investigating the nearby mysterious jungle ruins of an unknown and now supposedly extinct tribal culture that are located in the rain forest tries to convince stark and hofstadter that their deforestation activities must cease immediately since she 's suspecting that whatever was behind the disappearance of the tribe might have something to do with the recent deadly attacks as well .
good natured reverend henry biggs finds that his marriage to choir mistress julia is flagging due to his constant absence caring for the deprived neighborhood they live in . on top of all this his church is coming under threat from property developer joe hamilton . in desperation rev . biggs prays to god for help - and help arrives in the form of an angel named dudley . however dudley 's arrival seems to cause even more trouble ...
in the periwigged and opulent france of louis xvi an unwitting nobleman soon discovers that survival at court demands both a razor wit and an acid tongue .
the oppressive 'interim' government has outlawed the rights to assembly religion bearing arms and self expression . abby john and their band of opposition artists risk life and love to appeal to their countrymen and foreign powers for help . dodging the watchful eyes of interim leader parris and his secret police the opposition smuggle their artistic statements to underground gatherings that serve as meetings to plan the rebellion . with the police closing in time is short to affect the change the country needs .
when a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of cruella de vil the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement .
beautiful daiga has emigrated from lithuania to paris and is looking for a place to stay and work . theo is a struggling musician and his brother camille - a transvestite dancer . one of ...
after the terrifying events in la john mcclane (willis) is about to go through it all again . a team of terrorists led by col . stuart (sadler) is holding the entire airport hostage . the terrorists are planning to rescue a drug lord from justice . in order to do so they have seized control of all electrical equipment affecting all planes . with no runway lights available all aircraft have to remain in the air with fuel running low mcclane will need to be fast .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
after an explosion on their moon the klingons have an estimated years before their ozone layer is completely depleted and they all die . they have only one choice - to make peace with the federation which will mean an end to years of conflict . captain james t . kirk and crew are called upon to help in the negotiations because of their experience with the klingons . peace talks don 't quite proceed and kirk and mccoy are convicted of assassinating the klingon high chancellor and imprisoned on rura penthe a snowy hard -labor prison camp . will they manage to escape ? and will there ever be peace with the klingons ?
when the newly -christened starship enterprise 's shakedown cruise goes poorly captain kirk and crew put her into spacedock for repairs . but an urgent mission interrupts their earth -bound shore leave . a renegade vulcan named sybok has taken three ambassadors hostage on nimbus iii the planet of galactic peace . this event also attracts the attention of a klingon captain who wants to make a name for himself and sets out to pursue the enterprise . sybok 's ragtag army captures the enterprise and takes her on a journey to the center of the galaxy in search of the supreme being .
it is the century . admiral james t . kirk is an instructor at starfleet academy and feeling old ; the prospect of attending his ship the uss enterprise --now a training ship --on a two -week cadet cruise does not make him feel any younger . but the training cruise becomes a deadly serious mission when his nemesis khan noonien singh --infamous conqueror from late century earth --appears after years of exile . khan later revealed that the planet ceti alpha vi exploded and shifted the orbit of the fifth planet as a mars -like haven . he begins capturing project genesis a top secret device holding the power of creation itself and schemes the utter destruction of kirk .
admiral kirk and his bridge crew risk their careers stealing the decommissioned enterprise to return to the restricted genesis planet to recover spock 's body .
to save earth from an alien probe admiral james t . kirk and his fugitive crew go back in time to san francisco in to retrieve the only beings who can communicate with it : humpback whales .
when a corrupt businessman and the grotesque penguin plot to take control of gotham city only batman can stop them while the catwoman has her own agenda .
in new mexico : john tunstall picks up young gun men from the road to have them work on his ranch but also to teach them reading and to civilize them . however he 's a thorn in the side of the rich rancher murphy as he 's a competitor in selling cattle . one day he 's shot by murphy 's men . judge wilson can 't do anything since sheriff brady is one of murphy 's men . but attorney alex persuades him to constitute tunstall 's young friends to deputies and give them warrants of arrest for the murderers . instead of arresting them william bonney just shoots them down . soon the guys become famous and william gets the name "billie the kid " - but they 're also chased by dozens of murphy 's men and the army . the people however honor him as fighter for justice .
billy "the kid " and his gang are wanted by the law and when "doc" scurlock and chavez are captured billy has to save them . they escape and set south for mexico . "let's hire a thief to catch one " john s . chisum said so he paid pat garrett one of billy 's former partners for the killing of william h . bonney aka billy "the kid ".
good girl sandy and greaser danny fell in love over the summer . when they unexpectedly discover they 're now in the same high school will they be able to rekindle their romance ?
an english student at a 's american high school has to prove himself to the leader of a girls ' gang whose members can only date greasers .
chicago dea agent john hatcher has just returned from colombia where his partner was killed in the line of duty by a drug dealer who has since been taken down . as a result of his partner 's death john has decided to retire but his retirement may not be permanent . on the next day after reuniting with his sister melissa and melissa 's daughter tracy john gets into a shootout against a jamaican drug kingpin known as screwface taking down some of screwface 's men . john brings himself out of retirement when screwface retaliates by attempting to kill melissa and tracy . after the shooting john is reunited with two old friends - a local high school football coach named max and a jamaican chicago cop named charles . john and max set out to hunt screwface down only to discover that screwface has gone back to jamaica . john and max take charles with them to jamaica for an all out war against screwface and his drug empire .
isaac geldhart is a holocaust survivor who overcome by grief at the recent death of his wife seems determined to run his publishing firm into the ground by printing books that have no hope of financial success . his son aaron who also works at the company grows frustrated with isaac 's emotional decline and attempts to take over the firm . the resulting crisis involves isaac 's other two children his daughter sarah and his dying son martin .
the battleship missouri is about to be decomissioned . casey ryback is captain adam 's personal cook . and ryback is always butting heads with the ship 's xo commander krill but the captain always intercedes . one day after the president visits the missouri which is also the captain 's birthday the captain learns that a helicopter has been cleared to land on the ship by commander krill which he was not informed of . when questioned krill tells the captain that it 's a surprise for his birthday the captain then allows it . later after another one of their scuffles krill has ryback locked in the freezer . during the party the rock band reveals themselves to be mercenaries led by william stranix a cia operative who is in league with krill to unload all of the ship 's nuclear warheads . they lock up all of the crew and make preparations to remove the warheads . and krill remembers ryback stranix sends two of his men to take care of ryback only thing is that ryback took care of them . upon discovering their bodies stranix deduces that ryback is more than a cook . he then sends krill to check on him and krill discovers that ryback 's a navy seal who got busted down to a cook after an incident in panama . and ryback continues to create trouble for them so stranix tries to hunt him down . along the way ryback meets jordan a former playmate who was supposed to entertain at the party but was also forgotten .
it 's a hot summer on amity island a small community whose main business is its beaches . when new sheriff martin brody discovers the remains of a shark attack victim his first inclination is to close the beaches to swimmers . this doesn 't sit well with mayor larry vaughn and several of the local businessmen . brody backs down to his regret as that weekend a young boy is killed by the predator . the dead boy 's mother puts out a bounty on the shark and amity is soon swamped with amateur hunters and fisherman hoping to cash in on the reward . a local fisherman with much experience hunting sharks quint offers to hunt down the creature for a hefty fee . soon quint brody and matt hooper from the oceanographic institute are at sea hunting the great white shark . as brody succinctly surmises after their first encounter with the creature they 're going to need a bigger boat .
police chief brody must protect the citizens of amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters .
the sons of police chief brody must protect civilians at a seaworld theme park after a -foot shark becomes trapped in the park with them .
two former u . s . presidents hated rivals join forces to expose the current corrupt president at the risk of their lives .
it is a normal day for everyone until the president of the united states announces martians have been spotted circling earth . the martians land and a meeting is arranged but not everything goes to plan and the martians seem to have other plans for earth . are they just misunderstood beings or do they really want to destroy all of humanity ?
ruth stoops is a poor indigent drug -user (a huffer - inhaling glue and paint for a high ) whose down and out existence is complicated once more by becoming pregnant (she has had and lost four children already ). when a judge orders that she gets an abortion or face a felony charge she is befriended by gail stoney a pro -lifer whose husband is president of the local "babysavers" group . suddenly ruth is thrust into the middle of the pro -choice/pro-life struggle with each side wanting her to take their side as a "message" to others - and the situation escalates ...
jerry maguire (tom cruise ) is a successful sports agent . the biggest clients the respect a beautiful fiance he has it all . until one night he questions his purpose . his place in the world and finally comes to terms with what 's wrong with his career and life . recording all his thoughts in a mission statement jerry feels he has a new lease on life . unfortunately his opinions aren 't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client (cuba gooding jr .) and the only person with belief in his abilities (rene zellweger ) with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had . along the way he faces the harsh truths which he 'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he 'd never faced before .
when a childless couple of an ex -con and an ex -cop decide to help themselves to one of another family 's quintuplets their lives become more complicated than they anticipated .
one step short of larceny the aluminum siding salesmen in this movie sell their wares compete with each other and engage in a lot of great dialog . tin men focuses on the rivalry between bb babowsky and ernest tilley . at the same time the end of small world of which they are kings looms near as a government probe investigates their industry .
a security pro finds his past coming back to haunt him when he and his unique team are tasked with retrieving a particularly important item .
difficult tale of poor struggling south carolinian mother & daughter who each face painful choices with their resolve and pride . bone the eldest daughter and anney her tired mother ...
reporter ernest hemingway is an ambulance driver in italy during world war i . while bravely risking his life in the line of duty he is injured and ends up in the hospital where he falls ...
estranged since their father 's first stroke some years earlier lee and bessie lead separate lives in separate states . lee 's son hank finds himself committed to a mental institution after setting fire to his mother 's house . his younger brother charlie seems unfazed by his brother 's eccentricities or his mother 's seeming disinterest . when lee comes to the asylum to spring hank for a week in florida so that he can be tested as a possible bone marrow donor for bessie hank is incredulous . "i didn 't even know you had a sister " he says . "remember every christmas when i used to say 'well looks like aunt bessie didn 't send us a card again this year ?'" "oh yeah " hank says . meanwhile marvin the two women 's bedridden father has "been dying for the past twenty years ." "he's doing it real slow so i don 't miss anything " bessie tells dr . wally . in bessie 's regular doctor 's absence it has fallen to dr . wally to inform bessie that she has leukemia and will die without a bone marrow transplant . this precipitates the two sisters uneasy reunion . in marvin 's room bessie cares for her father 's every need . in lee 's eyes the sacrifice bessie has made is too great and realizing the old man 's welfare will fall to her if bessie dies lee 's first instinct is to look for a nursing home . "in a few month 's i 'll have my cosmotology degree " she says . "my life is just coming together ; i 'm not going to give it all up now !" as first lee is tested and then the boys for the compatibility of their marrow with bessie 's the women take stock of their lives and rediscover the meaning of "family."
a mississippi district attorney and the widow of medgar evers struggle to finally bring a white racist to justice for the murder of the civil rights leader .
sean casey is the newest member of the district attorneys office and he is close to uncovering a police scandal that might involve his father liam who works for the nypd . then his father is critically wounded in a stake -out sean is chosen to prosecute the case .
the dim -witted teen duo of beavis and butt -head travel across america in search of their stolen television set .
the upper -class owner of a gallery catherine lelievre hires the efficient and quiet maid sophie to work in the family manor in the french countryside . her husband georges lelievre who is ...
year after her mother 's death sydney prescott (neve campbell ) and her friends started experiencing some strange phone calls . they later learned the calls were coming from a crazed serial killer in a white faced mask and a large black robe looking for revenge . his phone calls usually consist of many questions the main one being : whats your favorite scary movie ? along with many scary movie trivia ending with bloody pieces of innocent lives scattered around the small town of woodsboro .
during the french and indian war in colonial america a white scout with two of his indian brothers helps a british officer escort two women through dangerous territory with both french troops and hostile indians after them .
frank quinlan and huey driscoll two reporters from a chicago -based tabloid along with dorothy winters an 'angel expert ' are asked to travel to rural iowa to investigate a claim from an old woman that she shares her house with a real live archangel named michael . upon arrival they see that her claims are true - but michael is not what they expected : he smokes drinks beer has a very active libido and has a rather colourful vocabulary . in fact they would never believe it were it not for the two feathery wings protruding from his back . michael agrees to travel to chicago with the threesome but what they don 't realise is that the journey they are about to undertake will change their lives forever .
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
in texas in the young schoolteacher novalyne price meets a handsome eccentric interesting young man named robert howard . he 's a successful writer - of the pulp stories of 'conan the barbarian '; she 's an aspiring one . a friendship develops into a sort of courtship . based on a memoir by novalyne price .
a mother desperately searches for the killer who framed her son for a girl 's horrific murder .
in the middle of the night someone brings ivan 's body home to his wife and his sad -faced jug -eared son . through flashbacks the film discloses the relationships among ivan and his brother ...
the hit musical based on the life of evita duarte a b -picture argentinian actress who eventually became the wife of argentinian president juan pern and the most beloved and hated woman in argentina .
a poetic internal monologue about a young .st century middle -class housewife who romanticizes an overt sexuality so foreign to her while imagining her own transformation and the thoughts that float through her head as she poses for her portrait .
a privileged british family consisting of a mother a geologist father and an adolescent daughter and son live in sydney australia . out of circumstance the siblings not knowing exactly where they are get stranded in the outback by themselves while on a picnic . they only have with them the clothes on their backs - their school uniforms - some meagre rations of nonperishable food a battery -powered transistor radio the son 's satchel primarily containing his toys and a small piece of cloth they used as their picnic drop -cloth. while they walk through the outback sometimes looking as though near death they come across an australian boy who is on his walkabout a rite of passage into manhood where he spends months on end on his own living off the land . their largest problem is not being able to verbally communicate . the boy does help them to survive but doesn 't understand their need to return to civilization which may or may not happen based on what the australian boy ends up doing .
in august fans flocked to the isle of wight to witness the third and final festival to be held on the island . besides the music they also got a look at the greed cynicism and corruption that would plague the music industry for years to come . they also witnessed the final drugged out performance of jimi hendrix in england just two weeks before he would meet a tragic death . when it all was over the fans view of rock and roll was never the same .
a year old female white house staffer carla town is murdered in the white house . d .c. homicide detective regis is assigned to investigate only to find evidence suppressed by the ...
this film recounts the history and attitudes of the opposing sides of the vietnam war using archival news footage as well as its own film and interviews . a key theme is how attitudes of american racism and self -righteous militarism helped create and prolong this bloody conflict . the film also endeavors to give voice to the vietnamese people themselves as to how the war has affected them and their reasons why they fight the united states and other western powers while showing the basic humanity of the people that us propaganda tried to dismiss .
a massive corporate conglomerate octopus inc . run by a shrewd and cruel tycoon named rod mccain purchases a uk -based leisure company and also the failing london marwood zoo . to bring more business to the zoo octopus hires a new manager rollo lee who promptly comes up with a way to increase profits -do away with all the animals except for the ferocious ones . this new fierce creatures policy shocks the marwood zookeepers led by the unendingly talkative adrian "bugsy" malone . eventually rod mccain 's son vince along with the up -and-coming business executive willa weston take control of the zoo and revoke the fierce creatures policy . vince instead comes up with many under -handed and vicious schemes to attract customers -unauthorized celebrity endorsements shoddy overpriced zoo merchandise and using robotic animals instead of real ones . however vince is also stealing from the zoo 's funds and when his father finds out he rears to turn the zoo into a japanese -owned golf course . meanwhile willa has grown to love the zoo and its animals and along with her newly -reformed love interest rollo plot with the zookeepers to save the zoo from the mccains .
ryan weaver romances beautiful women before he kills them . ryan is arrested convicted and is part of a christmas eve transfer of prisoners on a transcontinental commercial flight . other airlines at jfk may have holiday passengers waiting on stand -by but this jumbo jet takes off with a lot of empty seats . ryan and another prisoner overpower and kill their guards . the few civilian passengers are herded into a "pantry" on the plane and are not seen again until the end of the movie . ryan eliminates the other prisoners and all the crew members except teri halloran . the remainder of the movie follows a "cat-and-mouse" game between ryan and teri on the .
two schizophrenics meet during therapy and fall passionately in love . ahead of them lies the inevitable road to disaster - one they share to the end .
america hasn 't suffered another terrorist attack on her home soil since now ! this sci -fi action thriller follows jordan tyler a former expert in the u .s military 's top -secret psychic spy program . after his ominous visions of an airborne bio -terror attack on the u .s. become reality jordan and his scientist wife cici race against the clock to stop an incurable bio -engineered virus that could end civilization as we know it ...
a war has been raging between the vampires and lycan for centuries selene (beckinsale) is a death dealer assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the lycan . when she comes across michael corvin (speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie .
following a ship wreck a baby is rescued by a clan of ninja warriors and raised by them as one of their own . but haru as he is called never quite fits in nor does he manage to make a worthy ninja . however the good -natured and persevering haru in his own bumbling way and with some help from gobei manages to prove himself to be a winner in the end .
roper a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist . the bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars . the ending is played out with roper and his partner mccall attempting to rescue roper 's kidnapped girlfriend . a major element in the plot is the relationship between roper and his girlfriend .
in efforts to construct perfect android killing machines in a war against china uk scientists exceed their goal and create a sentient robot .
after the death of her husband the mother of julie jack sue and tom begins to suffer from a mysterious illness . aware that she is going to have to go into hospital she opens a bank account for the children so that they can be financially self -sufficient and will be able to avoid being taken into care by the authorities . unfortunately she also dies and julie and jack (the older teenage children ) decide to hide her body in the basement so that they can have free reign of their household . soon tom has taken to dressing as a girl whilst sue has become increasingly reticent confiding only to her diary meanwhile jack and julie sense an attraction developing for each other . however julie 's new beau derek threatens to unearth the many dark secrets within this family as he becomes increasingly suspicious of jack .
volcanologist harry dalton and mayor rachel wando of dante 's peak try to convince the city council and the other volcanologists that the volcano right above dante 's peak is indeed dangerous . people 's safety is being set against economical interests .
when andrew sterling a successful black urbanite writer buys a vacation home on a resort in new england the police mistake him for a burglar . after surrounding his home with armed men ...
in spokane washington juniper pearl - joon to those that know her - is an artist . she is also a mentally challenged young woman who requires around the clock care as she could cause harm to herself or others . her brother benny pearl who owns and operates a garage and who is her only living relative since their parents died twelve years ago in a car accident has made the decision that she would live at home with him in the process sacrificing being able to have a personal life of his own . he has hired full -time housekeepers to provide that care when he isn 't around . however he has exhausted the list of housekeepers who keep quitting because joon is too much to handle . as such benny makes the decision that perhaps it would be best for all concerned if joon were to live in a group home something he is hesitating telling her for fear of her reaction . into their lives comes sam the eccentric cousin of benny 's friend mike sam who they obtained from mike in a losing hand of poker . among his eccentricities sam has a penchant for bursting into buster keatonesque physical comedy routines . as sam ultimately makes a connection with both benny and joon he becomes a complicating factor in their lives as benny evaluates sam 's fitness to handle both the good and bad of joon .
life and times of steve prefontaine a young long -distance runner from oregon who pursued the dream of olympic gold in munich and became one of the biggest yet most tragic sport stars in america .
it is a satire about life in cuba . the members of a funeral procession and some truckdrivers who have to take the same route begin to talk about god and the world ending up in discovering that life for both groups has many similarities as well as a lot of differences depending on the point of view .
retired lieutenant commander quinton mchale spends his days puttering around the caribbean in the old pt selling homebrew ice cream and swimsuit calendars . he 's brought out of retirement when his old nemesis turned the second best terrorist in the world major vladikov takes over the island of san moreno and starts building a nuclear launch silo on it . with help from his old crew and hindrances from captain wallace b . binghampton who sank a cruise liner a while back mchale tries to put vladikov out of business .
franta louka is a concert cellist in soviet -occupied czechoslovakia a confirmed bachelor and a lady 's man . having lost his place in the state orchestra he must make ends meet by playing at funerals and painting tombstones . but he has run up a large debt and when his friend the grave -digger mr . broz suggests a scheme for making a lot of money by marrying a russian woman so that she can get her czech papers he reluctantly agrees . she takes advantage of the situation to emigrate to west germany to her lover ; and leaves her five -year-old son with his grandmother ; when the grandmother dies kolya must come and live with his stepfather - louka .
after a friend overdoses spoon and stretch decide to kick their drug habits and attempt to enroll in a government detox program . their efforts are hampered by seemingly endless red tape ...
an aspiring director and the marginally talented amateur cast of a hokey small -town missouri musical production go overboard when they learn that someone from broadway will be in attendance .
based upon a short story by leo tolstoy two russian soldiers sacha and vania are ambushed by muslim rebels in the grandly forbidding caucasus and taken prisoner . although complete understanding never fully emerges their bittersweet ordeal reveals the human soul of two vastly different cultures .
a beautician in america is mistakenly thought to be an academic teacher by a representative of an eastern european dictator . she is invited to their country on that mistaken belief and is asked to be the tutor of the dictator 's children . while there she tries to westernize the whole country .
five young losers spend their days and nights wasting their lives away hanging out in parking lots and occasionally mentioning that they might want to make something of themselves ... someday . on this particular night they are visited by an old high school friend who has escaped their suburban town to become a pop star .
years ago at a party steven thinks he sees the girl of his dreams melissa . just as he 's about to make his move his twin brother rick gets to her first and they fall in love . steven watches his brother 's relationship bloom longing for melissa all the while . eventually melissa leaves to go to college and the brothers go on with their lives . steven becomes a workaholic to block out his feelings about melissa and rick becomes a spineless bellboy at the hotel de love after a later girl friend stood him up at the altar . enter steven and rick 's warring parents visiting the hotel de love for their anniversary . re -enter melissa with her current boyfriend norman . suddenly rick and steven have a second chance at melissa . also there 's alison the palm reader susie behind the counter the owner /piano player and the freshly married couple .
jonathan has the neighbours from hell . he tries to ignore them but they make his life hell culminating with the arrival of some very large cockroaches in his flat . in desperation he calls the "pest control " and finds that they can offer a rather extreme solution to his problems ... the extermination of all his pests .
sparks fly and cultures collide in this romantic comedy about a casual night of passion that turns into the love of a lifetime . alex whitman is a new yorker sent to las vegas to oversee a construction project . there he meets isabel fuentes and some serious chemistry brings them together for one night . but alex doesn 't see isabel again until three months later when he learns she is pregnant . on a whim and prayer he proposes . however there 's more to marriage than a vegas chapel and an elvis impersonator as alex and isabel soon learn .
a widower struggling to raise his emotionally challenged son discovers that he can predict events before they happen .
based on the novel by david baldacci absolute power is about the ruthlessness of people in power . the president believes that everything he does is beyond reproach including an affair or two . that leads to murder and everyone around him is involved . there is only one witness a thief named luther whitney . they are sure he 'll talk but when ? the secret service is determined to keep him quiet but catching a thief isn 't always easy .
in a small massachusetts town two bumbling criminals mistakenly kidnap a maid thinking her to be the wife of a prominent businessman . d .c. short for darn cat is an alley cat who while looking for his nightly snack stumbles upon the kidnap victim bound and gagged in a shed . the kidnap victim scratches a plea for help on the back of her wristwatch and puts it around the cat 's neck . patti finds the watch and links it to the missing maid . playing amateur detective she enlists the aid of an fbi agent zeke who has been assigned to the case . patti and zeke follow d .c. through tight openings to track down the captive .
when clark griswold puts his mind to something we soon realize he hasn 't got one . still nothing stops him when the vacation bug hits . this time he 's chosen las vegas the new family entertainment capital of america ! chevy chase returns as bubbly bumbling clark in vegas vacation a jokers -are-wild laugh fest including two other stars from past vacations . beverly d 'angelo is back as wife ellen doting on the guy she calls "sparky" and randy quaid again delights as grubby goof ball cousin eddie . ethan embry (that thing you do !) and screen -debuting marisol nichols are griswold teens who love the round -the-clock nightlife - as long as they don 't share it with mom and dad ! from seigfried and roy 's extravaganza to a hoover dam tour from cruising to losing (wallace shawn as a shifty blackjack dealer ) to amorous crooning (wayne newton falls for ellen ): watch clark try to keep family and wallet together !
a bride 's divorced parents find their old feelings for each other during the wedding reception and over the course of the next few days upsetting the newlywed 's honeymoon .
fred madison a saxophonist is accused under mysterious circumstances of murdering his wife renee . on death row he inexplicably morphs into a young man named pete dayton leading a completely different life . when pete is released his and fred 's paths begin to cross in a surreal suspenseful web of intrigue orchestrated by a shady gangster boss named dick laurent .
a dramatization of a horrific racist lynch mob attack on an african american community .
an fbi undercover agent infiltrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life at the expense of his regular one .
bunz and rushon are two best buddies who are looking forward to dating two ladies lysterine and nikki . when the two boys get their lives altogether they all fall in love . but will their lives stay peaceful ?
the film opens with tuxedo clad men showing up at a penitentiary to meet a friend who has just been released after three years in prison and is going straight from the jail to marry his ...
a young man must play a key role in helping a revived indian princess reawaken her sexuality and protect her from a murderous cult .
the autobiographical story of howard stern the radio rebel who is now also a tv personality an author and a movie star .
a horror film that depicts st . nicholas as a murderous bishop who kidnaps and murders children when there is a full moon on december .
based on peter hoeg 's bestseller this film is set in snowy copenhagen where a small boy is found dead after he fell off a roof . smilla jasperson a close friend who lives in the same house ...
van helsing is in the world to rid all evil even if not everyone agrees with him . the vatican sends the monster hunter and his ally carl to transylvania . they have been sent to this land to stop the powerful count dracula . whilst there they join forces with a gypsy princess called anna valerious who is determined to end an ancient curse on her family by destroying the vampire . they just don 't know how !
los angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race loss and redemption .
fletcher reede a fast talking attorney habitual liar and divorced father is an incredibly successful lawyer who has built his career by lying . he has a habit of giving precedence to his job and always breaking promises to be with his young son max but fletcher lets max down once too often for missing his own son 's birthday party . but until then at max has decided to make an honest man out of him as he wishes for one whole day his dad couldn 't tell a lie . when the wish comes true all fletcher can do is tell the truth and cannot tell one lie . uh -oh for fletcher !
a police officer uncovers the real identity of his house -guest an i .r.a. terrorist in hiding .
danny an ambitious singing /dancing cat goes to hollywood and overcomes several obstacles to fulfill his dream of becoming a movie star .
nisi and mickey are girlfriends who work as waitresses . to get the necessary money for opening their dream restaurant they fly to california to audition for a music video . there nisi is asked by the nephew of mr .blakemore's (who is video director ) to act for a week as granddaughter of lily mr .blakemores one true love whom he lost long ago and couldn 't pursue because she was his family 's housekeeper . they revive blakemore 's interest for life and he teaches them to be "black american princesses " in return .
two female students struggling to complete their university degrees seek a flatmate . at the same time michael a medical student is looking for a new place to stay .
after a freak accident infuses him with the power of super -speed turbo kicks into overdrive and embarks on an extraordinary journey to achieve the seemingly impossible : competing in the world 's fastest race the indianapolis . with the help of his tricked -out streetwise snail crew this ultimate underdog puts his heart and shell on the line to prove that no dream is too big and no dreamer too small .
counter -terrorist jack quinn misses his target stavros on the eve of his final mission . from there he is sent to "the colony " a rebirth for presumed -dead assassins . he breaks free from ...
set in the inventing the abbotts is a dramatic look at the life of two boys from the wrong side of the tracks and their interaction with the three daughters of local aristocrat lloyd abbott . the boys jacey and doug holt have only three things in common : their family table tennis and chasing the beautiful abbott sisters . their father a reckless risk -taker lost his life through a wager with lloyd abbott his then business partner .
when a documentary crew traveling through the amazon jungle picks up a stranded man they are unaware of the trouble that will occur . this stranger 's hobby is to capture the giant anaconda snake and plans to continue targeting it on their boat by any means necessary .
martin blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience which causes him to muff a couple of routine assignments . on the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist he attends his year high school reunion in grosse pointe michigan (a detroit suburb where he 's also contracted to kill someone ). hot on his tail are a couple of over -enthusiastic federal agents another assassin who wants to kill him and grocer an assassin who wants him to join an "assassin's union ."
richter boudreau the son of local celebrity cynthia is not very successful and works as a film critic for a local newspaper . in a short time he loses his job and his heritage and one of his "friends" starts to blackmail him . his only hope is that others around him are even bigger dummies .
sandra larson has always been fascinated by the entire sensory experience surrounding death : its touch smell and look . as a child she would search out dead animals and perform ritualistic burials . as a young woman sandra gets a job at wallis funeral home first as a general assistant then progressing to study to become an embalmer . at the funeral home she begins to take her fascination with death to the next level by becoming a necrophiliac . but she also begins her first ever relationship with matt a medical student with who she is totally open about her necrophilia . he finds this aspect of her compelling . he becomes all consumed with her as she is consumed with dead people . the questions become how far he will take this fascination with her to understand fully what is going through her emotional being how far she will allow him to go and how far can her feelings for him extend as a live being .
this is a very black comedy . a mob courier is hired to transport the heads of eight murder victims to a mob boss . however the duffel bag gets mixed up with the bag of a college student who is off on a vacation in mexico with his girlfriend and her parents . however the mother is a recovering alcoholic whom everyone believes is delusional when she claims to have found heads .
following the break -up of his marriage after revealing his homosexuality gp martin wyatt loses custody of his son oliver to his now ex -wife hannah and her new partner frank . it is not long however until oliver appears at the house of martin and his new lover tom claiming to have been beaten up by boys in the park . after another incident martin puts two and two together and comes to the conclusion that frank has been beating oliver without hannah 's knowledge . martin then begins a long courtroom custody battle to win back his son .
fact -based recounting of a group of women who are imprisoned on the island of sumatra by the japanese during world war ii and used music as a relief to their misery .
a young man pat visits the clan of gypsy -like grifters (irish travellers ) in rural north carolina from whom he is descended . he is at first rejected but cousin bokky takes him on as an apprentice . pat learns the game while bokky falls in love and desires a different life .
romy and michele have been through it all including being tortured by the popular crowd when in high school . when they receive word of a year reunion they come to realize their lives aren 't as impressive as they 'd like them to be . instead of staying home they go to the reunion with business outfits cell phones and one heck of a bogus success story .
something unspeakably chilling is ultimately starting to heat up at the city of los angeles ! beneath the famed la brea tar pits a raging volcano has formed raining a storm of deadly fire bombs and an endless tide of white -hot lava upon the stunned city !
few knew that stalin spent his last night in the arms of a young australian woman . few still knew that their "love-child" brought australia to the brink of civil war . until now ...
austin powers is a 's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 's. the world is a very different place for powers . unfortunately for austin everyone is no longer sex -mad. although he may be in a different decade his mission is still the same . he has teamed up with vanessa kensington to stop the evil dr . evil who was also frozen in the past . dr . evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 's) billion dollars . can austin powers stop this madman ? or will he caught up with evil 's henchman with names like alotta fagina and random task ? only time will tell !
a man searches for his missing wife after his car breaks down in the middle of the desert .
truth or consequences is a sad commentary on human nature . it dramatizes the lengths people will go through for career advancement .
a young man ryan suffering from a disability wishes to join the other kids from his schools football team . during an initiation rite ryan is swept away through a whirlpool to the land of tao . there he is hunted by the evil lord komodo who desires the boy as a key to enter the real world . ryan is rescued by the protectors of tao five humanoid kangaroos each embued with the five elements and virtues . ryan learns his valuable lesson while saving the land of tao .
jack lawrence is a smart aleck lawyer who is one day visited by an ex -girlfriend who tells him her kid was his . enter dale putley a depressed goofball who is also a writer meets with the same ex -girlfriend who tells him her kid is his . one day jack and dale meet and discover what had happened : they 've been told the same story and now there 's a question of who the real father is . they learn their son is following a rock band called sugar ray around . so jack and dale hit the road to sacramento and find their drunk love -struck son . soon after they bring him back to their hotel room their son escapes and jack and dale must use teamwork to find him again bring him home and find out which one of them is the real father .
in the twenty -third century the universe is threatened by evil . the only hope for mankind is the fifth element who comes to earth every five thousand years to protect the humans with four stones of the four elements : fire water earth and air . a mondoshawan spacecraft is bringing the fifth element back to earth but it is destroyed by the evil mangalores . however a team of scientists use the dna of the remains of the fifth element to rebuild the perfect being called leeloo . she escapes from the laboratory and stumbles upon the taxi driver and former elite commando major korben dallas that helps her to escape from the police . leeloo tells him that she must meet father vito cornelius to accomplish her mission . meanwhile the evil uses the greedy and cruel jean -baptiste emanuel zorg and a team of mercenary mangalores to retrieve the stones and avoid the protection of leeloo . but the skilled korben dallas has fallen in love with leeloo and decides to help her to retrieve the stones .
follows a day in the lives of a group of high school kids los angeles and the strange lives they lead .
chase (mirren) a lifetime resident of martha 's vineyard married richard (bridges) and like the area grew into the upper -middle-class. her distaste for artificiality leads her to a wild breakdown and richard dutifully tries to restore their family unit as best he knows how by hiring a 'mother's helper ' elizabeth (sedgwick). chase is broken and wickedly caustic towards elizabeth until they discover each other 's similarities . a strong relationship develops affecting their personal and familial salvation and destruction .
two pairs of best friends - montel & clyde and brandy & adina meet at the party where clyde makes adina think he is very rich and gets her into bed the same evening . when adina finds out ...
gregory invites seven friends to spend the summer at his large secluded -century home in upstate new york . the seven are : bobby gregory 's "significant other " who is blind but who ...
shohei sugiyama has attained all that he has wanted in life . but he is still depressed and unhappy . one day he gathers up the courage to sign up for dancing lessons . he hopes they will rid his depression and help him get his life back together .
twin town opens with wide sweeping shots of seaside swansea ; to be the place of action for the next one and a half hours . the serene setting with miles upon miles of old semi -detached ...
good -natured astronomer sam is devastated when the love of his life linda leaves him for a suave frenchman named anton . he therefore does what every other normal dumpee would do ; go to new york and set up home in the abandoned building opposite his ex -girlfriend's apartment intent on winning her back and waiting until she decides to leave her current lover . what sam does not count on is being joined several weeks later by ultra hip tomboy maggie a photographer and motor -cyclist who is determined to get revenge on anton her ex -fiance. hostile at first the two of them eventually join forces in an attempt to separate the couple and ruin anton 's life . however complications ensue when sam and maggie start falling for each other .
the coal mine in a northern english village may be closing which would also mean the end of the miners ' brass band .
jack and judy are husband and wife and howard is judys father . they live in some fictional undemocratic and repressive country and tell us a story about their lives mostly from jack 's ...
the life demolition and reconstruction of the kopaszi dam . shot for ten years long in a forgotten landscape in the center of budapest . people living in houseboats and wooden houses struggling against flood snow and investors who want them to evict . years in minutes . the second part of the dike of transience . lost world won the best documentary award in karlovy vary .
an extremely captivating movie on how a little girl copes with her mother 's death . she withdraws from all the people around her waiting for her mother to come back . she tries waiting and when her mother still doesn 't appear tries magic chants praying to god and then becoming a child of god to have some power over him . all to no avail . but then when she is in despair her mother does come back ...
fletcher munson the lethargic employee of a pseudo -religious self help company and his doppelganger the friendly but dull dentist dr . jeffrey korchek .
set in the rough magic tells the story of what happens when a pretty apprentice magician goes to mexico to escape her fianc a wealthy politician and to find a mayan shaman who ...
lawyer charlie tuttle is defending his wife 's relative benny gibbs in a class action fraud suit but when he gets to the city where court takes place he gets drunk and the following day when the hearings begin his friend actor richard rjetti takes his place posing as charlie . the bad thing is that richard doesn 't know anything about being a lawyer and charlie has to teach him as the court goes on .
cameron poe a highly decorated united states army ranger came home to alabama to his wife tricia only to run into a few drunken regulars where tricia works . cameron unknowingly kills one of the drunks and is sent to a federal penitentiary for involuntary manslaughter for seven years . cameron becomes eligible for parole and can now go home to his wife and daughter . unfortunately cameron has to share a prison airplane with some of the country 's most dangerous criminals who took control of the plane and are now planning to escape the country . cameron has to find a way to stop them while playing along . meanwhile united states marshal vincent larkin is trying to help cameron get free and stop the criminals including cyrus "the virus " grissom .
as a young girl in japan nagiko 's father paints characters on her face and her aunt reads to her from "the pillow book " the diary of a -century lady -in-waiting. nagiko grows up obsessed with books papers and writing on bodies and her sexual odyssey (and the creation of her own pillow book ) is a "parfait mlange " of classical japanese modern chinese and western film images .
during world war ii american expatriate harry morgan helps transport a french resistance leader and his beautiful wife to martinique while romancing a sensuous lounge singer .
annie porter the woman who was held on a bus with a bomb attached to it that will go off if it slows down . she dated the cop who saved her but broke up with him because he was constantly putting his life in danger . she would then date a guy named alex who is also a cop but told her that he does a mundane assignment . but she eventually learns that he works for the same unit that the other guy worked for and is also addicted to danger . she wants to break up with but he surprises her with a cruise . she agrees to go . and he 's planning to propose to her . but when he notices another passenger act peculiar he can 't help but try to find out what 's up with him . he 's geiger a computer man who designed the ship 's systems who was fired . he then takes over the ship 's systems and sets it on a course that will send it into a tanker . alex tries to stop him .
batman and robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop mr . freeze and poison ivy from freezing gotham city .
terry is a suicidal voyeur who doesn 't seem to be able to kill himself . while preparing for jumping off a bridge he meets nick who ends up saving his life . terry discovers that nick is terminally ill and doesn 't have much time left . scared by the lack of time nick offers terry a deal he can 't refuse : terry will become the beneficiary of nick 's life insurance or since money doesn 't matter to terry nick promises to kill him before he dies . all nick asks is terry 's help to realize a few fantasies before dying .
the son of the greek gods zeus and hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it .
a woman who by a promise made years earlier is supposed to marry her best friend in three weeks even though she doesn 't want to . when she finds out that he 's marrying someone else she becomes jealous and tries to break off the wedding .
sequel to "tetsuo" this time has the iron man transforming into cyberkinetic gun when a gang of vicious skinheads kidnap his son . when the skinheads capture him they begin to experiment on ...
chloe a young woman is going on holidays . she entrusts her beloved cat to madame rene 's care . but one day madame rene (an old lady of the neighborhood ) can not find the cat . chloe starts searching the neighborhood ... this is the pretext for the exploration of a quarter of paris and his inhabitants .
paul javal is a writer who is hired to make a script for a new movie about ulysses more commercial which is to be directed by fritz lang and produced by jeremy prokosch . but because he let his wife camille drive with prokosch and he is late she believes he uses her as a sort of present for prokosch to get get a better payment . so the relationship ends .
in order to foil an extortion plot an fbi agent undergoes a face -transplant surgery and assumes the identity and physical appearance of a ruthless terrorist but the plan turns from bad to worse when the same criminal impersonates the cop .
an elderly couple go about their routine of cleaning their gabbeh (a intricately -designed rug ) while bickering gently with each other . magically a young woman appears helping the two clean the rug . this young woman belongs to the clan whose history is depicted in the design of the gabbeh and the rug recounts the story of the courtship of the young woman by a stranger from the clan .
based off of the comic book . unbeknownst to other people there is a private agency code named mib . this agency is some kind of extra terrestrial surveillance corporation . then one of the agency 's finest men only going by the name "k" (tommy lee jones ) is recruiting for a new addition to the agency . he has chosen james edwards (will smith ) of the n .y.p.d. then one day a flying saucer crashes into earth . this was an alien a part of the "bug" race . he takes the body of a farmer (vincent d 'onofrio) and heads to new york . he is searching for a super energy source called "the galaxy ". now agents j and k must stop the bug before it can escape with the galaxy .
a failed gambler intent on meeting a rich widow tricks his widowed brother -in-law into boarding a cruise ship as dance hosts .
three brothers - marshall marty and mark dream of becoming naturalists and portraying animal life of america . one summer their dream comes true they travel through america filming alligators bears and moose .
murray is a male fairy godmother and he 's trying to help -year-old anabel to fulfill her "simple wish " - that her father oliver who is a cab driver would win the leading role in a broadway musical . unfortunately murray 's magic wand is broken and the fairies convention is threatened by evil witches claudia and boots .
dr . ellie arroway after years of searching finds conclusive radio proof of intelligent aliens who send plans for a mysterious machine .
when a crusading chairperson of the military budget committee pressures the would be navy secretary to begin full gender integration of the service he offers the chance for a test case for a female trainee in the us navy 's elite seal /c.r.t. selection program . lt . jordan o 'neill is given the assignment but no one expects her to succeed in an inhumanly punishing regime that has a standard % dropout rate for men . however o 'neill is determined to prove everyone wrong .
a village is attacked by the evil ruler of the snake cult thulsa doom (james earl jones ) and his evil warriors when thulsa doom and his warriors kills his parents a young boy named conan (jorge sanz ) is enslaved . years later conan grows up and becomes a mighty warrior and is trained as a fighter . after years as a slave and as a gladiator conan is set free . conan sets out on a quest as he vows to avenge his parents and solve the riddle of steel . joined by a archer named subotai (gerry lopez ) a beautiful thief who falls in love with conan valeria (sandahl bergman ') and a chinese wizard (mako) conan and his companions sets out to rescue princess yasmina (valrie quennessen ) daughter of king osric (max von sydow ) from the snake cult and get his revenge on thulsa doom and avenge his parents .
baby george got into a plane crash in a jungle stayed alive and was adopted by a wise ape . ursula stanhope us noble woman is saved from death on safari by grown -up george and he takes her to jungle to live with him . he slowly learns a rules of human relationships while ursula 's lover lyle is looking for her and the one who took her . after they are found ursula takes george to the usa .
the sheriff of a suburban new jersey community populated by new york city policemen slowly discovers the town is a front for mob connections and corruption .
a rescue crew investigates a spaceship that disappeared into a black hole and has now returned ...with someone or something new on -board.
an assassin named al simmons is double -crossed and murdered by his evil boss jason wynn . al makes a deal with the devil and returns to earth as spawn to see his wife . he is ordered by the devil 's minion the clown to kill wynn . wynn has made a deal with the clown too and is suppose to destroy the world with a deadly virus that will help start armageddon and allow hell to attack heaven . spawn must choose between good & evil .
a young boy and a talented stray dog with an amazing basketball playing ability become instant friends . rebounding from his father 's accidental death -year-old josh framm moves with his family to the small town of fernfield washington . the new kid in town josh has no friends and is too shy to try out for the school basketball team . instead he prefers to practice alone on an abandoned court he befriends a runaway golden retriever named buddy . josh is amazed when he realizes that buddy loves basketball ...that is playing basketball ...and he is good ! josh eventually makes the school team and buddy is named the team mascot . josh and buddy become the stars of halftime . buddy 's half -time talent draws media attention . unfortunately when buddy 's mean former owner norm snively comes along with a scheme to cash in on the pup 's celebrity it looks like they are going to be separated .
kate is working on a career at mercer advertising but is passed up for promotion because she 's 'not stable enough ' still being single and having no ties to the company . a story is made up about her being engaged to nick a guy whom she just met at a friend 's wedding and all seems to work out well for kate . she even gets the attention of a colleague she had always wanted but events soon take a dramatic turn forcing her to 'present' her alleged fiance to her boss .
two junior executives on a six week business trip both of whom have been recently hurt by women devise a horrible plan to get even with women for their past hurts : they intend to find romance and then dump a vulnerable woman . they choose cristine and for a while all goes according to plan . however it soon becomes clear that things are not as simple as they think .
a teenage jesse and old friend randolph try to foil an illegal whaler threatening willy and his pregnant mate .
career girls opens with a train journey towards london 's kings cross where annie one of the major characters is about to meet her old university friend hannah . she recalls moving into a grotty student flat with hannah in the mid -eighties. in those days annie was self conscious and jumpy . the pair have not seen one another since graduation . they both now have moderately successful careers and are at least on the surface self assured in their new lives . however they are still carrying a lot of emotional baggage from their university days . during the course of a weekend they rediscover their close friendship and encounter many faces from the past .
jerry fletcher is a man in love with a woman he observes from afar . she works for the government . fletcher is an outspoken critic of that government . he has conspiracy theories for everything from aliens to political assassinations . but soon one of his theories finds itself to be accurate . but which one ? some dangerous people want him dead and the only person he trusts is that woman he loves but does not know .
san francisco police officer frank connor is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his gravely ill son . there 's only one catch : the potential donor is convicted multiple murderer peter mccabe who sees a trip to the hospital as the perfect opportunity to get what he wants most : freedom . with mccabe 's escape the entire hospital becomes a battleground and connor must pursue and ironically protect the deadly fugitive who is his son 's only hope for survival .
john henry irons designs weapons for the military . when his project to create weapons that harmlessly neutralize soldiers is sabotaged he leaves in disgust . when he sees gangs are using ...
maureen is pregnant and her husband eddie is missing . nervous maureen shares a couple of drinks with neighbor kiefer who tries to rape her and then beats her . when eddie returns and finds his wife bruised he goes ballistic shoots a paramedic and is put in a psychiatric institution . ten years later eddie is released and finds that maureen has divorced him and is remarried with three children one of whom is his little girl jeanie . eddie goes to reclaim his wife .
the film focuses on the war of two gangs in harlem for the control of illegal gaming - one headed by black strategic godfather bumpy johnson and another by white ruthless hothead dutch schultz . negotiations proposed by white syndicate boss lucky luciano never get under way blood flows and johnson gets jailed . when johnson is paroled he gets the work of enforcer for mighty stephanie "the queen " st . clair . she is also jailed for racketeering and when she leaves she makes him promise "no violence ".
the cleavers are the 's 'all-american family ' in this 'feel-good' family sitcom . parents ward and june and older brother wally try to keep theodore ('the beaver ') out of trouble . however beaver continues to end up in one kind of jam or another . unlike real life these situations are always easily resolved to the satisfaction of all involved and the beaver gets off with a few stern moralistic words of parental advice . instigator and troublemaker eddie haskell is an older kid who always manages to avoid being caught .
a disease carried by common cockroaches is killing manhattan children . in an effort to stop the epidemic an entomologist susan tyler creates a mutant breed of insect that secretes a fluid to kill the roaches . this mutant breed was engineered to die after one generation but three years later susan finds out that the species has survived and evolved into a large gruesome monster that can mimic human form .
chris tucker is a small time con man who instantly becomes famous after a murder wanted dead or alive his only hope is a journalist named james russell (sheen).
emily has always been the rich brat who tries to pull every imaginable stunt to get attention . but one day as she fakes her own kidnapping and locks herself in the trunk of a car a thief steals the car with her inside . she is attracted by his reckless lifestyle and the situation makes her kidnapping the more real and frightening for her father .
a barbarian named kull unexpectedly becomes a king after an old king (whom kull has just killed in a battle ) gives his crown to him . but direct heirs of a killed king trying to topple kull and regain the throne bring an old witch -queen akivasha back to life . their plan backfires however as akivasha is going to allow their lords - demons - to rule the kingdom . the only thing that can stop her now is a breath of the god volka .
the president of the usa goes to moscow and gives a stirring speech outlining the usa 's new "zero-tolerance" policy with respect to terrorism . on the flight home terrorists take over air force one (the president 's official plane ) and take the passengers (including his wife and daughter ) hostage . the terrorists plan to execute one hostage every half -hour unless /until their demands are met . however the president is a former medal of honor winner so the terrorists may be in for a surprise ...
soviets create a new nuclear submarine that runs silent due to a revolutionary propulsion system . russian sub captain defects goal of taking it to the u .s.a. to prevent the russians from using the sub to wreak nuclear (missile) war against the u .s. lots of plot turns and twists in this high -tech thriller .
mike waters lives on the street and befriends the somewhat older and streetwise scott favor who shows him what is necessary to survive . waters suffers from narcolepsy and can fall asleep at any moment and in almost any circumstance . favor comes from a rich family and is rebelling against his own background . they travel together extensively - waters is driven by the need to find his biological mother - and spend time in italy . later in life however favor has joined mainstream society and has little time for his old friend .
a young woman engaged to be married finds herself in an affair with her soon -to-be stepmother 's lesbian daughter .
carlos wants to be an actor . but his father pepe wants him to work in the family business that is male prostitution . carlos decides that he will be one of his father 's boys until he can ...
all of greenleaf indiana is watching this year 's telecast of the oscars as hollywood heartthrob and local boy made good cameron drake has been nominated for his first ever best actor oscar for his latest movie role as a gay soldier . cameron 's high school english teacher howard brackett is overjoyed when cameron wins the award and mentions howard 's contribution in his acting life . that joy turns to horror when cameron mentions to the worldwide audience that howard is gay especially horrific to howard as he is engaged to fellow teacher emily montgomery a woman with self -esteem issues as she had battled weight issues most of her life before she lost seventy -five pounds for the wedding . howard 's life is totally disrupted as hollywood media descends on greenleaf in order to get howard 's story . the rest of greenleaf also openly wonders if howard is indeed gay as he exhibits many stereotypical gay tendencies such as being neat and loving music dancing poetry and barbra streisand . his cause is not helped in that his and emily 's relationship has not yet been consummated . the one person not concerned is emily who trusts howard . as howard continues to deny being gay to his family friends and colleagues he begins to examine himself hypercritically if only because if others believe he 's gay there may be some merit to the claim as well as because of an incident that occurs with hollywood reporter peter malloy who is doing a week -long piece on howard leading up to his and emily 's wedding . but cameron drake may be able to provide some overall perspective to what is happening to howard and the frenzy he has caused .
a televised adaptation of the 'edge' book series by george g . gilman .
two aliens arrive on earth trying to kill each other . this is not easy since they seem to be able to regenerate lost body parts and survive bullet wounds . both of them happen to meet a young pathologist dori caisson and each alien tells her that he is a peacemaker (an intergalactic cop ) and that the other one is a bad guy . whom can she trust ?
as corruption grows in la three policemen - one strait -laced one brutal and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice .
after the death of climbers austrian heinrich harrer (brad pitt ) decides to add glory to his country and to the german pride by climbing nanga parbat in british india and leaves his expectant wife behind . egoist and a loner he does not get along with others on his team - but must bend to their wishes after bad weather threatens them . then wwii breaks out they are arrested and lodged in dehra dun 's p .o.w. camp . he attempts to break out in vain several times but finally does succeed along with peter aufschnaiter (david thewlis ) and end up in the holy city of lhasa - a place banned to foreigners . they are provided food and shelter and peter ends up marrying a tailor pema lhaki while heinrich befriends the dalai lama . he meets regularly to satiate the child 's curiosity about the world including jack the ripper and 'yellow hair '; in return he is exposed to teachings of lord buddha and even constructs a movie theater while getting news of the end of the war ; his divorce ; and his son 's refusal to communicate . but nothing will prepare him for the devastation about to descend when communist china decides to attack leading to the deaths of over million tibetans destruction of over monasteries and betrayal from their very own people .
police hunting for a serial killer are helped when a victim manages to escape for the first time .
matriarch mama joe has held her family together for years around a sunday dinner of soul food . when diabetes hospitalizes her the dinners stop and tensions among her three daughters start to break the family apart . two of the sisters feud continuously : teri is jealous of maxine 's marriage and irritated that everyone assumes her corporate salary is open to the rest of the family 's uses . maxine resents teri 's bossiness and insensitivity to family tradition . bird the youngest newly married to an ex -con accepts a favor from an old lover that leads to her husband 's arrest . mama joe 's grandson ahmad cooks up a scheme to bring the family together back to the table .
a demonic djinn attempts to grant its owner three wishes which will allow him to summon his brethren to earth .
a thousand acres is a drama about an american family who meets with tragedy on their land . it is the story of a father his daughters and their husbands and their passion to subdue the history of their land and its stories .
in the mythical continent of westeros several powerful families fight for control of the seven kingdoms . as conflict erupts in the kingdoms of men an ancient enemy rises once again to threaten them all . meanwhile the last heirs of a recently usurped dynasty plot to take back their homeland from across the narrow sea .
environmental protection agent jack taggart is fighting big business types led by orin hanner who are dumping toxic waste somewhere in the kentucky hills region . they also killed his fellow agent and are killing the nature of the region .
a man heading to vegas to pay off his gambling debt before the russian mafia kills him is forced to stop in an arizona town where everything that can go wrong does go wrong .
richard a local streetwise guy becomes aware that his favourite coastal walk has some unsavoury characters appearing far too often for his liking . after getting hold of a local stoner information is leaked as to who is dropping off what and where . richard is soon able to intercept the assignments . the consequences of his actions will affect him and his close family forever .
a childless couple attempting to conceive discover that his sperm are "lazy". several trips to a fertility clinic prove fruitless . also the wife had surreptitiously quit taking the pill and provided her doctor with a sperm sample before the husband agreed to start trying to have a baby . the deception alienates the husband for a time . to compound things a female architect has the hots for the husband and lures him out of town on business at exactly the wrong time .
ulee is called one day by his incarcerated son jimmy asking for a favor . jimmy will repay his debts if they save his wife helen from hoodlums . ulee must now risk his and his family 's lives to save helen .
suburban new canaan connecticut : middle class families experimenting with casual sex and substance abuse find their lives beyond their control .
victor mallick returned to his home and found out that all of his friends have arranged a surprise bachelor /stag party for him . two strippers were hired to cheer up the party . however when ...
holden and banky are comic book artists . everything 's going good for them until they meet alyssa also a comic book artist . holden falls for her but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she 's gay .
dray is a young playboy whose only objective in life seems to be to have sex with as many girls as he can without getting caught by his girlfriend lisa . dray 's sister jenny and her friend katrina plan to show him that the way he lives is wrong and organize a party in malibu inviting all of his girlfriends .
six unemployed steel workers inspired by the chippendale 's dancers form a male striptease act . the women cheer them on to go for "the full monty " - total nudity .
a group of childhood friends now in their thirties reunite at camp tamakwa . only a few of the original campers show up but they still have a good time reminiscing . the people share experiences and grow while at the camp . they are dismayed to discover that the camp 's owner unca lou is going to close the camp down .
queen victoria is deeply depressed after the death of her husband disappearing from public . her servant brown who adores her through caress and admiration brings her back to life but ...
after an accident on a winding road four teens make the fatal mistake of dumping their victim 's body into the sea . but exactly one year later the dead man returns from his watery grave and he 's looking for more than an apology .
an exceptionally adept florida lawyer is offered a job to work in new york city for a high -end law firm with a high -end boss - the biggest opportunity of his career to date .
fred z . randall is a geeky and obnoxious spacecraft designer who gets the chance to make his dream come true and travel to mars as a member of the first manned flight there .
stripped of his medical license after performing an operation while high on amphetamines famed la surgeon dr eugene sands abandons his former life only to find himself crossing paths with raymond blossom an infamous counterfeiter . employed as a "gun-shot doctor " when raymond 's associates cannot risk visiting a hospital eugene is lured deep into the criminal world and becomes entangled with his boss 's girlfriend .
'jackie-o' is anxiously awaiting the visit of her brother home for thanksgiving but isn 't expecting him to bring a friend . she 's even more shocked to learn that this friend is his fiance . it soon becomes clear that 'jackie-o's obsession is nothing compared to her obsession with her brother as it also becomes clear she isn 't the only member of the family with problems ...
since dom (diesel) and brian 's (walker) rio heist toppled a kingpin 's empire and left their crew with million our heroes have scattered across the globe . but their inability to return home and living forever on the lam have left their lives incomplete . meanwhile hobbs (johnson) has been tracking an organization of lethally skilled mercenary drivers across countries whose mastermind (evans) is aided by a ruthless second -in-command revealed to be the love dom thought was dead letty (rodriguez). the only way to stop the criminal outfit is to outmatch them at street level so hobbs asks dom to assemble his elite team in london . payment ? full pardons for all of them so they can return home and make their families whole again .
this film documents neil young and crazy horse 's concert tour . jim jarmusch interviews the band about their long history and we see backstage footage from the and .
a genetically inferior man assumes the identity of a superior one in order to pursue his lifelong dream of space travel .
another perfect morning in kate 's perfect life until reality bites hard ... fairytale is the story of a young girl who deals with an awful domestic situation by creating a perfect fantasy world for herself and her siblings to live in and how the people she meets on an ordinary morning inadvertently conspire to tear it apart .
in the peaceful town of snowfield colorado something evil has wiped out the community . and now it 's up to a group of people to stop it or at least get out of snowfield alive .
in the police investigation of a brutal crime scene one man was at the center of it all : legendary porn star john holmes .
ewan mcgregor stars as a cleaning man in l .a. who takes his boss ' daughter hostage after being fired and replaced by a robot . two "angels" who are in charge of human relationships on earth offer some unsolicited help to bring this unlikely couple together .
the story is set in louisiana . the batiste family is headed by charming doctor louis . though he is married to beautiful roz he has a weakness for attractive female patients . one night louis trysts with married and sexy metty mereaux not knowing that he is observed by his youngest daughter eve who is there by accident . eve can not forget the traumatic incident and shares a secret with older sister cisely . lies start to roll ...
an fbi agent tries to catch a serial killer who kidnapped his son .
two friends who are dissatisfied with their jobs decide to join the army for a bit of fun .
bean works as a caretaker at britain 's formidable royal national gallery and his bosses want to fire him because he sleeps at work all the time but can 't because the chairman of the gallery 's board defends him . they send him to usa to the small los angeles art gallery instead where he 'll have to officiate at the opening of the greatest us picture ever (called "whistler's mother ").
a disgruntled security guard holds a school trip group hostage while a news reporter forms a bond with him .
los angeles advertisement director max visits his friend artist charlie who was diagnosed with a .i.d.s. in new york . there he meets karen they are attracted to each other and after they meet later that day at the concert they have a passionate night . then he returns home to l .a. to his family and wife mimi . a year later max returns to new york again to visit charlie who is now dying and there he meets karen again who is married to charlie 's brother vernon .
on a trip to paris sally meets pablo a tango dancer . he starts teaching her to dance then she returns to london to work on some "projects". she visits buenos aires and learns more from pablo 's friends . sally & pablo meet again but this time their relationship changes she realises they want different things from each other . on a trip to buenos aires they cement their friendship .
journalist floyd from us michael henderson from uk and their teams meet the beginning of bosnian war in sarajevo . during their reports they find an orphanage run by devoted mrs . savic near the front line . henderson gets so involved in kids ' problems that he decides to take on the children emira illegally back to england . he is assisted by american aid worker nina .
textile company heir wayland is accused of murder of a prostitute named elizabeth whose body was found cut in two in the park . the murder is investigated by tough detective kennesaw and his less experienced partner braxton . wayland is a heavy drinker and compulsive liar he is prone to memory losses and periods of heavy violence . he is rich enough to access necessary information and he gets the interrogators ' own dark secrets - kennesaw is angry about affairs his wife had and had let off steam with elizabeth and braxton has gambling debts with mook who is demanding payment .
rudy baylor is a jobless young attorney . however he is also the only hope of an elderly couple whose insurance company will not pay for an operation that could save their son 's life . in this judicial drama rudy learns to hate corporate america as he falls in love with a battered young married woman . will he be up to the task ?
the story of a young man 's adventures in the californian pornography industry of the late and early .
an year old amish boy and his mother are traveling to philadelphia on their way to visit the mother 's sister . while waiting at the train station the young boy witnesses a brutal murder inside one of the bathroom stall . police detective john book is assigned to investigate the murder of the man who was a undercover cop . soon after book finds out that he 's in great danger when the culprits know about his investigation and hides out in the amish community . there he learns the way of living among the amish locals which consists of non -violence and agriculture . book soon starts a romance with the mother of the little boy but their romance is forbidden by the amish standards . but it 's not long before the bad guys find out book 's whereabouts .
humans in a fascistic militaristic future do battle with giant alien bugs in a fight for survival .
the life histories of four asian women and their daughters reflect and guide each other .
in london the public relation helen is fired from her position in a pr company . while returning home she does not catch the train in the subway . but in another possibility of her life she catches the train in the subway . the story shows two parallel lives of helen : in one life she stays with her boyfriend gerry and in the other life she finds that gerry cheats her with lydia and falls in love with james hammerton .
based on the popular video game of the same name "mortal kombat " tells the story of an ancient tournament where the best of the best of different realms fight each other . the goal - ten wins to be able to legally invade the losing realm . outworld has so far collected nine wins against earthrealm so it 's up to lord rayden and his fighters to stop outworld from reaching the final victory ...
an insurance salesman /adjuster discovers his entire life is actually a television show .
kate croy 's mother was born to wealth and privilege but she threw it all away to marry kate 's father a penniless opium addict who admits to having stolen from his wife . after her mother 's death kate is offered an opportunity to return to the life her mother gave up . there is a condition however : kate must sever all of her old ties not only to her father but also to her lover the muck -raking journalist merton densher whom she has promised marriage . kate reluctantly agrees to this and in the meantime becomes friendly with "the world 's richest orphan " millie theale an american making the grand tour . desperate to see kate merton crashes a party that she and millie are attending and millie is attracted to him . when kate learns that millie is dying she comes up with a plan to have her cake and eat it too ...but all does not go as planned .
in london socialite clarissa dalloway 's well -planned party is overshadowed by the return of an old suitor she had known years earlier .
jack moore is an american attorney having talks in bejing about founding the first satellite tv joint venture . suddenly he is arrested accused of murder and has to prove it was a frame -up together with his court -appointed attorney shen yuelin .
the daughter of the last russian tsar nicolas ii anastasia is found by two russian con men dimitri and vladimir who seek the reward that her grandmother the dowager empress marie promised to the ones who 'll find her . but the evil mystic of the tsar family rasputin still wants the romanov family to be destroyed forever .
an american gets a ticket for an audience participation game in london then gets involved in a case of mistaken identity . as an international plot unravels around him he thinks it 's all part of the act .
a commercial crew aboard the deep space towing vessel nostromo is on its way home when they pick up an sos warning from a distant moon . what they don 't know is that the sos warning is not like any other ordinary warning call . picking up the signal the crew realize that they are not alone on the spaceship when an alien stowaway is on the cargo ship .
an alien vessel crashes on earth and is discovered by cindy shauna and becky three friends beginning what they think to be a casual vacation in the mountains . the alien creatures escaping a death sentence on their own world are motivated only by death destruction and a taste for blood . ultimately nothing stands in the way of their gruesome carnage except cindy aided by matt another visitor from beyond the stars sent to recover the ship and bring them to justice . together they set out to destroy the ship though its destruction could strand matt on earth forever .
about a mutiny aboard a slave ship that is traveling towards the northeastern coast of america . much of the story involves a court -room drama about the free man who led the revolt .
in a small north korean village near the border of china there are believers who get together in an underground church away from the eyes of the persecuting government . when the missionary from china their only support route is cut off things begin to get very tense . chulho who had been arrested along with his wife returns . after losing his wife in the interrogations chulho had been released and unseen for years before coming back to his home claiming that he had been commanded by god to lead the believers across the border and into south korea . the brothers wonder if chulho is trustworthy and whether it is the right thing to do to leave their homeland .
max is gay and as such is sent to dachau concentration camp under the nazi regime . he tries to deny he is gay and gets a yellow label (the one for jews ) instead of pink (the one for gays ). in camp he falls in love with his fellow prisoner horst who wears his pink label with pride .
francie and joe live the usual playful fantasy filled childhoods of normal boys . however with a violent alcoholic father and a manic depressive suicidal mother the pressure on francie ...
suffering from writer 's block and eagerly awaiting his writing award harry block remembers events from his past and scenes from his best -selling books as characters real and fictional come back to haunt him .
professor phillip brainard an absent -minded professor works with his assistant weebo trying to create a substance that 's a new source of energy and that will save medfield college where his sweetheart sara is the president . he has missed his wedding twice and on the afternoon of his third wedding professor brainard creates flubber which allows objects to fly through the air . it looks like rubber so he calls it flubber . this film is based on the disney classic "the absent -minded professor .
the incredibly rich but miserable new york couple brad and caroline sexton got framed by their accountant and fled from the irs to the one place where no one would look for them : amish country . now they 've got to do their best to blend in and learn how to love all over again .
a touching tale of a wayward young man who struggles to find his identity living in a world where he can solve any problem except the one brewing deep within himself until one day he meets his soul mate who opens his mind and his heart .
four high -tech industrial spies beaupre alice jernigan and unger steal a top -secret microchip and to fool customs hide it in a remote -control toy car . through a baggage mix -up at the airport grumpy old mrs .hess gets the toy and gives it to her neighbor -year-old alex . spies want to get the toy back before their clients get angry and decide to burglarize every house at alex 's street to find the chip . but alex is prepared for their visit ...
this panoramic tale of savannah 's eccentricities focuses on a murder and the subsequent trial of jim williams : self made man art collector antiques dealer bon vivant and semi -closeted homosexual . john kelso a magazine reporter finds himself in savannah amid the beautiful architecture and odd doings to write a feature on one of william 's famous christmas parties . he is intrigued by williams from the start but his curiosity is piqued when he meets jim 's violent young and sexy lover billy . later that night billy is dead and kelso stays on to cover the murder trial . along the way he encounters the irrepressible lady chablis a drag queen commedienne sonny seiler lawyer to williams whose famous dog uga is the official mascot of the georgia bulldogs an odd man who keeps flies attached to mini leashes on his lapels and threatens daily to poison the water supply the married ladies card club and minerva a spiritualist . between being jim 's buddy cuddling up to a torch singer meeting every eccentric in savannah participating in midnight graveyard rituals and helping solve the mysteries surrounding billy 's murder kelso has his hands full .
a mousy office worker accidentally kills one of her coworkers then proceeds to bump off a few others .
two years after the events of scream sidney prescott and randy are attending windsor college . they are trying to get on with their lives ...until a new ghostface killing spree begins . with the help of dewey and gale sidney must find out who 's behind the murders . as the body count goes up the list of suspects goes down .
a bus crash in a small town brings a lawyer to the town to defend the families but he discovers that everything is not what it seems .
years later a -year-old woman named rose dewitt bukater tells the story to her granddaughter lizzy calvert brock lovett lewis bodine bobby buell and anatoly mikailavich on the keldysh about her life set in april on a ship called titanic when young rose boards the departing ship with the upper -class passengers and her mother ruth dewitt bukater and her fianc caledon hockley . meanwhile a drifter and artist named jack dawson and his best friend fabrizio de rossi win third -class tickets to the ship in a game . and she explains the whole story from departure until the death of titanic on its first and last voyage april at in the morning .
agent james bond is on a mission which includes a media tycoon his former lover and a chinese agent . elliot carver wants to complete his global media empire but in order for this to work he must achieve broadcasting rights in china . carver wants to start up world war iii by starting a confrontation over british and chinese waters . bond gains the help of wai lin on his quest to stop him but how will bond feel when he meets up with his former lover who is now carver 's wife .
the mother of a severely traumatized daughter enlists the aid of a unique horse trainer to help the girl 's equally injured horse .
a man living alone in the north woods of wisconsin discovers an unexpected visitor in his home .
the middle age stewardess jackie brown smuggles money from mexico to los angeles for the arms dealer ordell robbie . when she gets caught by the agents ray nicolette and mark dargus with ten thousand dollars and cocaine in her purse they propose a deal to her to help them to arrest ordell in exchange of her freedom . meanwhile ordell asks the fifty -six year -old max cherry who runs a bail bond business to release jackie brown with the intention of eliminating her . jackie suspects of ordell 's intention and plots a complicate confidence game with max to steal half a million dollar from ordell .
the tibetans refer to the dalai lama as 'kundun' which means 'the presence '. he was forced to escape from his native home tibet when communist china invaded and enforced an oppressive regime upon the peaceful nation of tibet . the dalai lama escaped to india in and has been living in exile in dharamsala ever since .
the myopic millionaire defeats jewel smugglers in his usual bumbling manner .
when "the dude " lebowski is mistaken for a millionaire lebowski two thugs urinate on his rug to coerce him into paying a debt he knows nothing about . while attempting to gain recompense for the ruined rug from his wealthy counterpart he accepts a one -time job with high pay -off. he enlists the help of his bowling buddy walter a gun -toting jewish -convert with anger issues . deception leads to more trouble and it soon seems that everyone from porn empire tycoons to nihilists want something from the dude .
two families are unhappy with their respective relationships : first of ambitious businessman jeffrey byron and sexually frustrated marianne and second of repair contractor lucky mann and former b -movie actress phyllis . when lucky arrives to byron 's apartment to make some minor repair and marianne becomes obsessed with him the everyday balance breaks .
based on charles dickens ' timeless tale this is a story of the love of a man for an unreachable woman . updated to modern day new york city the story concerns a man of modest background who falls in love with a rich girl . but when a mysterious benefactor greenlights the man to make his dreams come true everything done has the ultimate goal of making estella fall in love with him ...
each year three brothers samuel jeffrey and michael douglas visit their grandfather mori tanaka for the summer . mori is highly skilled in ninjutsu and for years he has trained the ...
firefighter jesse graves has to save ornithologist jennifer and other people caught in a forest fire which was set up by the lawyer of convicted killer earl shaye who escaped from the ...
darryl witherspoon is a young black college student who wants to win annual junior analyst competition which can land him a job in a big brokerage company . he becomes a guinea pig for the drug developed at the college which is promised to heighten all senses by ten times .
after being caught in a scandalous situation days before the election the president does not seem to have much of a chance of being re -elected. one of his advisers contacts a top hollywood producer in order to manufacture a war in albania that the president can heroically end all through mass media .
john murdoch awakens alone in a strange hotel to find that he has lost his memory and is wanted for a series of brutal and bizarre murders . while trying to piece together his past he stumbles upon a fiendish underworld controlled by a group of beings known as the strangers who possess the ability to put people to sleep and alter the city and its inhabitants . now murdoch must find a way to stop them before they take control of his mind and destroy him .
shy seventh -grader spencer griffith 's life changes when a meteor falls into a local junkyard and he finds a cybersuit - an exoskeleton with ai from another galaxy . spencer puts on the cybersuit and becomes a different kind of person .
in huntingburg the armored truck with three million dollars driven by tom and his uncle charlie gets stuck in the flooding and realizes that the town has been evacuated since the dam does ...
after kenny accidentaly kills a cop 's diabetic horse by feeding it the food he purchased from a munchie run he is put in jail and is given a million dollar bail . the rest of the group must bail kenny out before nasty nate gets to him . the group decides to sell marijuana that thurgood gets through his job as a janitor at a pharmaceutical lab . they become pals with rap star sir smoke -a-lot and the rivals of dealer samson simpson . on the side thurgood seeks the love of mary jane an anti -pot daughter of a dealer . what follows is typical pothead behaviour with a ton of cameos . look carefully .
det . john hobbes is convinced that when killer edgar reese is executed all of his troubles are over . but when people he knows and people on the street start to sing the same tune that reese sang in the gas chamber and those same people taunt him he is told that maybe the cursed fallen angel azazel is behind it all . azazel is cursed to roam the earth without a form and he can switch bodies by any contact making him hard to track . when hobbes is forced to kill a man possessed by azazel he must clear his name while protecting his family and others from the evil vengeful azazel .
dylan and jez are con artists dylan is a charming american who 's run from some characters in the states and jez is an english techno nerd . during one of their scams selling a voice recognition computer they hire georgie as a secretary for the job . the romantic triangle between dylan jez and georgie appears but she is also not a secretary but a student and her marriage with rich roger is upcoming .
gabriel returns to earth to prevent the birth of a child conceived by one of his kind (the angel danyael ) and one of god 's "monkeys" (a human woman - valerie ). the coming of this child has been prophesied by a monk thomas . when the angel danyael kills members of gabriel 's army of angels gabriel instead employs the assistance of a teenage girl (izzy) who has just committed suicide . gabriel keeps her alive to assist him in his war against danyael and the other angels which climaxes in a battle in eden .
a disillusioned killer embarks on his last hit but first he has to overcome his affections for his cool detached partner . thinking it 's dangerous and improper to become involved with a colleague he sets out to find a surrogate for his affections . against the sordid and surreal urban nightscape (set in contemporary hong kong ) he crosses path with a strange drifter looking for her mysterious ex -boyfriend and an amusing mute trying to get the world 's attention in his own unconventional ways .
fernando a journalist and his friend csar join terrorist group in order to fight brazilian dictatorial regime during the late sixties . cesare however is wounded and captured during a bank hold up . fernando then decides to kidnap the american ambassador in brazil and ask for the release of fifteen political prisoners in exchange for his life .
world famous pop group the spice girls zip around london in their luxurious double decker tour bus having various adventures and performing for their fans .
a group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the south pacific ocean to loot it only to do battle with a series of large -sized tentacled man -eating sea creatures who have taken over the ship first .
music from another room is a romantic comedy that follows the exploits of danny a young man who grew up believing he was destined to marry the girl he helped deliver as a five year old boy when his mother 's best friend went into emergency labor . twenty -five years later danny returns to his hometown and finds the irresistible anna swan but she finds it easy to resist him since she is already engaged to dreamboat eric a very practical match . in pursuit of anna danny finds himself entangled with each of the eccentric swans including blind sheltered nina cynical sister karen big brother bill and dramatic mother grace as he fights to prove that fate should never be messed with and passion should never be practical .
john lee is the best hitman money can buy . but when john refuses to kill because of the seven year -old son of his target john 's bosses send someone after john to kill him and then take his place in the ring of hitmen . john then teams up with meg coburn to help him escape these "replacement killers ."
two investigative reporters for a tabloid magazine track down across country "the night flier " a serial killer who travels by private plane stalking victims in rural airports . one of the reporters richard dees begins to suspect that "the night flier could perhaps be a vampire ".
elwood must reunite the old band with a few new members and go on another "mission from god ."
robbie a singer and julia a waitress are both engaged but to the wrong people . fortune intervenes to help them discover each other .
a spaceship is discovered under three hundred years ' worth of coral growth at the bottom of the ocean .
a recently released ex -con gets involved in a fake kidnapping scheme that turns very real .
new york city . melvin udall a cranky bigoted obsessive -compulsive writer finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to melvin . in addition carol the only waitress who will tolerate him must leave work to care for her sick son making it impossible for melvin to eat breakfast .
after completing a lengthy prison sentence one -time drug kingpin frank white returns to new york intent on reestablishing his empire and making things as they were before he left . others of course have taken over the business during his absence but that clearly isn 't going to stop white . while he is gunning down the opposition he decides he 's going to give away the money he 'll make to modernize the hospital in his old neighborhood . drug dealers aren 't the only thing he has to worry about however : a group of rogue cops decide they are going to take him down .
humberto fuentes is a wealthy doctor whose wife has recently died . in spite of the advice of his children he takes a trip to visit his former students who now work in impoverished villages . his trip soon becomes a quest politically awakening him when he finds out that one of his students was killed by the army .
a teenage girl risks everything when she falls in love with a vampire .
when a prisoner transport plane crashes one prisoner mark sheridan skillfully escapes and saves lives at the same time . deputy sam gerard and his team of u .s. marshals pursue relentlessly but gerard begins to suspect that there is more to the exceptional fugitive than what he has been told . meanwhile sheridan struggles to avoid capture while seeking answers of his own . until the final scene both gerard and sheridan are in jeopardy of the unknown .
giles de 'ath is a widower who doesn 't like anything modern . he goes to movies and falls in love with film star ronnie bostock . he then investigates everything about the movie and ronnie . ...
in god 's hands is the story of big wave riders that go all over the globe searching to ride bigger and bigger waves . the story mostly follows shane dorian and his obsession with surfing . it also follows how they train for waves like that .
on the morning of may climbers from two commercial expeditions start their final ascent toward the summit of mount everest the highest point on earth . with little warning a violent storm strikes the mountain engulfing the adventurers in one of the fiercest blizzards ever encountered by man . challenged by the harshest conditions imaginable the teams must endure blistering winds and freezing temperatures in an epic battle to survive against nearly impossible odds .
a deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears at her window .
ex -mob boss christopher walken is kidnapped by a group of four kids in a haphazard attempt at paying the ransom for another separate kidnapping . complexities arise as the group cannot seem to do anything right .
paris is starving but the king of france is more interested in money and bedding women . when a young soldier dies for the sake of a shag aramis athos and porthos band together with a plan to replace the king . unknown to many there is a king a twin hidden at birth then imprisoned for years behind an iron mask . all that remains now is d 'artagnan will he stand against his long time friends or do what is best for his country ?
four newton brothers are a poor farmer family in the . the oldest of them willis one day realizes that there 's no future in the fields and offers his brothers to become a bank robbers . soon the family agrees . they become very famous robbers and five years later execute the greatest train robbery in american history .
in south florida a high school counselor is accused of rape by a manipulative rich girl and her trailer trash classmate . the cop on the case begins to suspect a conspiracy and dives into an elaborate and devious web of greed and betrayal to find the truth .
paulie an intelligent parrot who actually talks relates the story of his struggle to a russian immigrant who works as a janitor at the research institute where he is housed and neglected . paulies story begins many years earlier when he is given as a gift to a little girl who stutters . eventually he teaches the girl to speak correctly but is taken away by her father because he believes the girl cannot distinguish fantasy from reality because she believes the bird can talk . paulie goes through a series of adventures with a pawn shop owner an ageing widow a mexican -american troubadour and a would be thief before being taken to the institute where he now lives .
the film follows the parallel and entwining stories as well as the common fates of some very different young people for hours in the summertime : from the prison to the corridors of the airport and from the saronikos beaches to the psiloritis mountain . the common characteristic of the heroes is that they have inherited from their nefarious parents various problems . in spite of the fact that they used to be neutral due to specials conditions they will be forced to grow up .
nishi leaves the police in the face of harrowing personal and professional difficulties . spiraling into depression he makes questionable decisions .
jack stanton is running for president . the election is seen through the eyes of young henry burton . along the way stanton must deal with a sex scandal .
a year old boy goes on a search for god after his grandfather dies .
two girls carla and lou meet on the street outside a loft waiting for their boyfriends . in a short time they find out that they 're waiting for the same guy - young actor blake who said ...
rock -music lover and feature -film director jonathan demme takes on eccentric british singer -songwriter robyn hitchcock in an ambitious concert film . setting up a stage in a new york ...
two surfers end up as yellowstone park rangers and have to stop a former ranger who is out for revenge .
life is good for jack carter and harlan three inept ne 'r-do-wells who help run master dope -grower malcoms flourishing marijuana plantation somewhere in northern california . but then malcom is suddenly bumped off by a mysterious assailant after a moment of panic the naive trio decide to take over the business themselves . however their lazy days on the dope farm have ill prepared them for the high -stakes game of finding buyers for millions of dollars of contraband . as they plunge into a shadowy new world of duplicity double -dealing and danger they soon find that they have gotten in way way over their heads . but driven on by increasing greed and paranoia it 's too late to back out .
mom and dad dump son cody daughter abby her best friend marcella and a baby on the farm with grandpa and grandma . purple dinosaur barney soon appears to entertain kids and when a large colorful egg deposited on a farm by a shooting star is accidentally carted off barney and kids start their chase for it .
in the year the earth will soon be uninhabitable after the irreversible effects of pollution and global warming ! professor john robinson lead scientist of the jupiter mission will lead his family to the habitable planet alpha prime to prep it for colonization . the jupiter is equipped with a hyperdrive that allows faster -than-light travel which will eventually be employed to evacuate the citizens of earth . however hypergates must be constructed on earth and alpha prime to provide stable points of departure and arrival . dr . zachary smith is bribed by a terrorist organization to sabotage the mission and ends up an unwilling stowaway as the ship blasts off .
shadowy elements in the nsa target a nine -year old autistic savant for death when he is able to decipher a top secret code .
joe ross is a rising star . he 's designed a process that will make his company millions . he wants a bonus for this work but fears his boss will stiff him . he meets a wealthy stranger jimmy dell and they strike up an off -kilter friendship . when the boss seems to set ross up to get nothing he seeks dell 's help . then he learns dell is not what he seems so he contacts an fbi agent through his tightly -wound assistant susan ricci . the fbi asks him to help entrap dell . he accepts a sting is arranged but suddenly it 's he who 's been conned out of the process and framed for murder . bewildered and desperate he enlists susan 's aid to prove his innocence .
seth is an angel who accompanies the spirits of the recently dead to the ever after . seth has never been human and so has has never experienced touch or taste . when in the hospital however he comes across dr . maggie rice a brilliant young heart surgeon who is devoted to her profession and her patients . seth has the power to let himself be seen but maggie finds him far too mysterious . seth also meets a patient nathaniel messinger who has news for him - he too was once an angel like seth but chose to fall to earth and become human . seth makes a decision on his future which does not turn out as he had expected .
last days of disco loosely depicts the "last days " at a disco palace where drugs sex and weirdness ran rampant . the story centers around a group of friends who frequent the disco and each other . all the characters are searching for something to make their lives more fulfilling . some are searching for everlasting love and some are just wanting something different . as the disco is closed they all wonder can disco ever really be dead ?
oscar and felix take a road trip to their son and daughter 's wedding .
a down -on-his-luck movie agent (billy crystal ) goes to a movie site in romania to be with his only client his former paperboy . but once he gets there the kid tells him he is getting a big time agent and that he is fired . despondent the agent roams the countryside until he loses control of his car and overturns into a pond where he seemingly is going to drown until a pair of gigantic hands pulls him free of the car . later he awakens in a monastery and discovers that a man (nba player gheorge muresan ) rescued him . money dances in front of the agent as he figures ways to get him back to america and into the movies . the giant is only interested in getting to gallup to see his childhood girl friend . first the agent gets him a small role in the romanian -filmed movie which earns his plane fare . then he takes him to las vegas where he convinces steven seagal (in a cameo as himself ) to include the giant in a new action film .
tells the story of jesus shuttlesworth the most sought after high school basketball prospect in the nation . jesus and his dream to make it to the big ranks in professional basketball are overshadowed by his father jake who is spending his life in prison for killing jesus ' mother .
lawyer rick magruder has a one -night-stand affair with caterer mallory doss . he becomes hooked on her and when he learns her nut -case father dixon is threatening her he puts the weight of ...
pizza delivery man victor is having an argument with elena whom he met a few days ago but she was high then and doesn 't want to hear about him . reacting to the noise two cops young david and older sancho arrive at the scene the gun accidentally goes off .. four years later david is a wheelchair basketball star he 's married to elena victor is released out of prison and their destinies begin to cross again .
the world 's greatest detective daryl zero aided by his associate steve arlo investigates a complex and mysterious case of blackmail and missing keys for shady tycoon gregory stark who is less than forthcoming about what is really happening !
the family of raymond his wife val and her brother billy live in working -class london district . also in their family is val and billy 's mother janet and grandmother kath . billy is a drug ...
the borrowers are four -inch high "little people " who live under the floorboards . when the owner of the house they live in dies and evil realtor ocious potter wants to destroy the house to build luxury apartments on its place they start to fight him with the help of the son of house owner pete .
a down -on-his-luck piano player (denis leary ) at the blue cat lounge is offered a chance to make some big money by a private detective friend (michael badalucco ). all the piano player has to do is convince his sultry singer girl friend (aitana sanchez -gijon) to seduce a multi -millionaire (terrence stamp ) who has eyes for her . by getting photos of the two of them together he will be able to get money from the wife who would like to divorce him . unfortunately the singer falls for the millionaire . the detective tries to call off the scam but the pianist already has dollars floating before his eyes . the pianist also has dreams of being a writer . throughout the film a fictional sub -story flashes in as he writes about cousin matt (danny nucci ) who is also seeking to escape his unpleasant existence . of course events in the fiction coincides with the events the pianist is caught up in .
max is a popular local sports broadcaster and his marriage with attractive sam is already set up . max is not sure he wants sam to be his wife and offers his best friend jay a test : jay will ...
an anthropologist creates a fictitious lost new guinea tribe using his family members to cover -up for his mis -use of grant moneys .
after rocker kurt cobain 's death ruled a suicide a film crew arrives in seattle to make a documentary . director nick broomfield talks to lots of people : cobain 's aunt who provides home movies and recordings the estranged father of cobain 's widow courtney love an l .a. private investigator who worked for love a nanny for kurt and courtney 's child friends and lovers of both and others . although love won 't talk to him and his inquiries lose him financial backing he comes to believe the coroner 's verdict . portraits emerge : a shy slight kurt weary of touring embarrassed by fame hooked on heroin ; an out -going courtney dramatic controlling moving from groupie to star .
a chinese chef accidentally gets involved with a news reporter who filmed a drug bust that went awry and is now being chased by gangs who are trying to get the video tape .
middle -aged mr .badii is planning to commit suicide and desperately seeks anyone to assist him - he has already dug out the grave in the mountains but the assistant will have to bury him when he will do the deed . he asks kurd soldier afghan seminarian but everyone refuses by some reason . finally he finds an old turkish taxidermist who has a sick son and previously attempted suicide himself and he agrees to assist badii .
in the 's in netherlands jacob willem katadreuffe has just concluded the law school and has an argument with the high court enforcement officer dreverhaven at his office . katadreuffe leaves the place covered in blood . on the next morning he is arrested by the police for the murder of dreverhaven . he claims that he is innocent and discloses the story of his life to the chief of police . his mother joba was the maid at dreverhaven . one night she is raped by him and a couple of weeks later she learns that she is pregnant . dreverhaven proposes to marry her but joba quits her job and leaves his house . along the years katadreuffe is bullied at school and called bastard by his mates and his mother never talks to him . one day he is involved by other kids in a theft of bread and arrested by the police . when he calls his biological father to help him dreverhaven tells the police that he does not know who katadreuffe is . the boy is intelligent and learns english reading a superseded and incomplete edition of encyclopedia that was left behind by the previous tenants of his apartment . katadreuffe is also ambitious and asks for a job in a law office where he becomes the protg of his mentor de gankelaar . soon he falls in unrequited love with the secretary lorna te george victor . along the years dreverhaven uses his power to harm him . when he concluded his course he decides to pay a visit to dreverhaven to tell him that he has wined their dispute . may katadreuffe have killed dreverhaven ?
a postman roy finds the key to an apartment left in the mailbox . investigating the apartment he falls in love with its inhabitant line . but line has other "friends" involved in dangerous affairs .
mykelti williamson and justin lazard are a pair of astronauts who make the first successful manned mission to mars . lazard 's character gets infected by an alien and slowly begins to mutate . when they get back to earth all he has on his mind is to have sex with henstridge !
the new owner of the cleveland indians puts together a purposely horrible team so they 'll lose and she can move the team . but when the plot is uncovered they start winning just to spite her .
two cousins and friends richie and evan go to atlantic city to gamble . richie loses all he has at slot machines and asks evan for two more coins for a last attempt . that last attempt ...
academy award -winner barbara kopple directs this documentary portrait of academy award and golden globe -winner woody allen seen traveling with friends and fellow musicians during their new orleans jazz band 's european tour . allen 's relationship with his wife soon -yi previn is captured on film here for the first time and others on the european jaunt include allen 's sister letty aronson . followed by press paparazzi and gushing admirers allen returns home to face a more realistic critical assessment during "the lunch from hell " with his aged parents .
malti witnesses a physical altercation between her husband and rai bahadur brijbhushan sharma as a result of which her husband gets knifed and killed . as she tries to take the knife out the police arrive arrest her and hold her in a cell . it is here that brijbhushan visits her and warns her not to testify against him as he will kill her son raju . malti accepts full responsibility of her husband 's death is found guilty and sentenced to years in jail . after her discharge she is released and finds out that raju is now known as raja is very popular dancer and singer . she also gets to meet radha and her brother dattu who are looking after raju and hopes that her son will eventually marry radha . she subsequently comes to know that raju loves priya who is the daughter of none other than brijbhushan . malti is not ready to expose brijbhushan as her husband 's killer - she has other plans for him and none of her plans include priya as her future daughter -in-law.
jean valjean known as prisoner is released from prison and breaks parole to create a new life for himself while evading the grip of the persistent inspector javert . set in post -revolutionary france the story reaches resolution against the background of the june rebellion .
two lost souls : she a con -artist in l .a.; he a puppeteer in san antonio have the same dream linking each with the other . he travels to l .a. to find this woman he has become obsessed with . ...
iris can best be described as a wallflower . she begins her first day as a temp for the nondescript global credit association by waiting in a chair for two hours . this sets the scene for her (mis)adventures with the other "corporate orphans " margaret paula and jane . led by margaret they find subtle ways to lessen the ennui of corporate oppression . the tension escalates when the new permanent hire cleo enters the picture .
unless a comet can be destroyed before colliding with earth only those allowed into shelters will survive . which people will survive ?
darlene "woo" bates played by jada pinkett smith has been dumped a little bit too many times now this femme -fatale doesn 't let just any man swing with her and when she 's set up on a blind -date with tommy davidson 's character it could be love .. if they don 't kill each other first . "woo" features cameos by foxy brown ll cool j and duane martin .
newly arrived in an up -market housing development quiet ten -year-old devon doesn 't quite fit in . ignoring the urgings of her social -climbing father devon chooses the company of trent who mows the estate 's lawns rather than of the girls her own age . their friendship grows during her visits to his trailer home but although it is completely innocent it is obvious that it would be unacceptable to the residents if they found out .
bugs daffy and the looney tunes gang meet the characters from ye merry olde england in salute to warner bros . animated musical quest for camelot .
in the janjira nuclear plant was mysteriously destroyed with most hands lost including supervisor joe brody 's colleague and wife sandra . years later joe 's son ford a us navy ordnance disposal officer must go to japan to help his estranged father who obsessively searches for the truth of the incident . in doing so father and son discover the disaster 's secret cause on the wreck 's very grounds . this enables them to witness the reawakening of a terrible threat to all of humanity which is made all the worse with a second secret revival elsewhere . against this cataclysm the only hope for the world may be godzilla but the challenge for the king of the monsters will be great even as humanity struggles to understand the destructive ally they have .
a suicidally disillusioned liberal politician puts a contract out on himself and takes the opportunity to be bluntly honest with his voters by affecting the rhythms and speech of hip -hop music and culture .
the big -screen version of hunter s . thompson 's seminal psychedelic classic about his road trip across western america as he and his large samoan lawyer searched desperately for the "american dream "... they were helped in large part by the huge amount of drugs and alcohol kept in their convertible the red shark .
a -year-old girl visits her gay half -brother and ends up seducing his boyfriend thus wreaking havoc on all of their lives .
two broke buddies feel lucky when they come upon a truckload of cellular phones and begin selling them out of the back of their van . trouble arises though when the phones develop faults . the two friends then not only have to deal with unsatisfied customers but also the fbi .
explorers bartholemew hunt and leslie edwards are setting forth against nature across the country on a journey to the pacific ocean against rivals lewis and clark . along the way they have many mishaps and misfortunes .
birdee calvert must choose between her morals and her heart after her husband divorces her and a charming young man who her daughter disapproves of comes back into her life .
sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town a police detective (pacino) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . instead of admitting his guilt the detective is given an unexpected alibi but this "solution" only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner 's death . he 's also still got a murder to solve in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . there 's also a local detective (swank) who is conducting her own personal investigation ... of his partner 's death . will it all come crashing down on him ?
the film portrays the kidnapping of a little girl of who is out with her father for the day . her parents are divorced and her stepfather (a cop ) steps in for the investigation . the suicidal mother has an ax to grind with both her ex -husband and her current husband . as the investigation proceeds the characters are placed in sordid scenarios that reveal their unsavory sides ; the mind games between the both the fathers in particular lend the procedural its most gripping drama as everyone else is getting greedy and ugly not caring about the kidnapped girl .
robin monroe a new york magazine editor and the gruff pilot quinn harris must put aside their mutual dislike if they are to survive after crash landing on a deserted south seas island .
it 's high school graduation and like all seniors they want to party . so high school seniors look forward to a party while in the meantime a boy wants to get a girl he 's loved for years who just broke up with her boyfriend and one head -case who wants revenge on a lifelong bully . so the party comes things develop . people have sex drink and go along with most of the guidelines of a high school graduation party .
cousin bette is a poor and lonely seamstress who after the death of her prominent and wealthy sister tries to ingratiate herself into lives of her brother -in-law baron hulot and her ...
syd who lives with her boyfriend james goes to complain to her neighbor about the leak in the ceiling . her neigbor is photographer lucy berliner and syd starts to fall in love with her .
zahra 's shoes are gone ; her older brother ali lost them . they are poor there are no shoes for zahra until they come up with an idea : they will share one pair of shoes ali 's. school awaits . will the plan succeed ?
can you go home again ? what if you 're a gay man and home is a state where voters keep electing a homophobe to the us senate ? in at age native son tim kirkman returns to north carolina to explore the parallels and differences between himself and jesse helms : they 're from the same town and college with media interests from families blessed by adoptions baptists by upbringing . tim puts his camera in front of his family a boyhood pal college friends his pastor helms fans community activists novelists lee smith and allan gurganus a mayor who 's gay and people in the street including a brief interview with matthew shepard . what is it to judge and what is it to love ?
a girl with insomnia who works in a coffee house has impossibly high standards for her love and fears she will never meet a worthy man . then in walks a new employee and they click - until she discovers he has a girlfriend . undaunted she moves to l .a. with a friend sure that he will dump the girlfriend and follow her . she puts all her faith in fate and hopes for the best .
lee plenty is an almost broke would -be novelist and havilland savage is rich and very beautiful woman and his friend . when she invites him to her home for new year 's eve they start to ...
socially inept garbage man simon is befriended by henry fool a witty roguish but talentless novelist . henry opens a magical world of literature to simon who turns his hand to writing the 'great american poem '. as simon begins his controversial ascent to the dizzying heights of nobel prize winning poet henry sinks to a life of drinking in low -life bars . the two friends fall out and lose touch until henry 's criminal past catches up with him and he needs simon 's help to flee the country .
this retelling of the old chinese folktale is about the story of a young chinese maiden who learns that her weakened and lame father is to be called up into the army in order to fight the invading huns . knowing that he would never survive the rigours of war in his state she decides to disguise herself and join in his place . unknown to her her ancestors are aware of this and to prevent it they order a tiny disgraced dragon mushu to join her in order to force her to abandon her plan . he agrees but when he meets mulan he learns that she cannot be dissuaded and so decides to help her in the perilous times ahead .
two fbi agents fox mulder and dana scully work in an unassigned detail of the bureau called the x -files investigating cases dealing with unexplained paranormal phenomena . mulder a true believer and scully a skeptic perceive their cases from stand points of science and the paranormal .
fresh out of prison git rescues a former best friend (now living with git 's girlfriend ) from a beating at the hands of loan sharks . he 's now in trouble with the mob boss tom french who sends git to cork with another debtor bunny kelly to find a guy named frank grogan and take him to a man with a friendly face at a shack across a bog . it 's a tougher assignment than it seems : git 's a novice bunny 's prone to rash acts frank doesn 't want to be found (and once he 's found he has no money ) and maybe tom 's planning to murder frank which puts git in a moral dilemma . then there 's the long -ago disappearance of sonny mulligan . what 's a decent and stand -up lad to do ?
dolittle must save a forest and a bear 's life .
a career bank robber busts out of jail (clooney) with the help of his buddy (rhames) and kidnaps a us marshal (lopez) in the process . when the two cons head for detroit to pull off their final big scam the marshal is put on their case but she finds she is attracted to one of them and has second thoughts about bringing them in .
three students and a school teacher disappear on an excursion to hanging rock in victoria on valentine 's day . widely (and incorrectly ) regarded as being based on a true story the movie follows those that disappeared and those that stayed behind but it delights in the asking of questions not the answering of them .
young indian man thomas is a nerd in his reservation wearing oversize glasses and telling everyone stories no -one wants to hear . his parents died in a fire in and thomas was saved by arnold . arnold soon left his family (and his tough son victor ) and victor hasn 't seen his father for years . when victor hears arnold has died thomas offers him funding for the trip to get arnold 's remains but only if thomas will also go with him . thomas and victor hit the road .
billy is released after five years in prison . in the next moment he kidnaps teenage student layla and visits his parents with her pretending she is his girlfriend and they will soon marry (and forcing her to say the same ).
it is just another day at the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) a few astronauts were repairing a satellite until out of nowhere a series of asteroids came crashing into the shuttle destroying it . these asteroids also decimated new york soon thereafter . then nasa discovered that there is an asteroid roughly the size of texas heading towards the earth and when it does hit the earth the planet itself and all of its inhabitants will be obliterated worse the asteroid will hit the earth in days . unfortunately nasa 's plans to destroy the asteroid are irrelevant . that is when the u .s. military decides to use a nuclear warhead to blow the asteroid to pieces . then scientists decide to blow the asteroid with the warhead inside the asteroid itself . the only man to do it is an oil driller named harry stamper and his group of misfit drillers and geologists . as he and his drill team prepare for space excavation the asteroid is still heading towards the earth . when the crew are launched into outer space they are determined to destroy this asteroid .
with personal crises and age weighing in on them lapd officers riggs and murtaugh must contend with a deadly chinese crimelord trying to get his brother out of prison .
the adventurous young madeline is very good at getting into trouble but she 's also fantastic in solving problems as well and her school -mistress miss clavel is not too approving of her . ...
-year-old alan abernathy the son of a toy store owner tries out some new action figures : the commando elite vs . the gorgonites . but three months ago a toy company believes it is onto something when it employs the latest government military technology in a series of action figures enabling them to talk . they underestimate the power of the special micro chips they 've employed however as the two opposing sides of the toy line start thinking for themselves and engaging in real combat ! the commando elite vow to wipe out the gorgonites in a suburban neighborhood . alan his neighbor christy fimple (on whom he has a massive crush ) with the help of the kind gorgonites must protect his home and family from the commandos .
a paranoid mathematician searches for a key number that will unlock the universal patterns found in nature .
a teen faces her impending adulthood in the carefree sex and drug revolution years of the early 's prior to fears of aids . she lives with her bitter divorced mother and her sadistic kid brother . looking forward to a life based on her passion for art she nevertheless gets in with the partying crowd which causes her to miss deadlines and poor grades which jeapordizes her future . ultimately she ends up losing her virginity to an older artist wanna -be who she has had a long standing crush on .
ted was a geek in high school who was going to go to the prom with one of the most popular girls in school mary . the prom date never happened because ted had a very unusual accident . thirteen years later he realizes he is still in love with mary so he hires a private investigator to track her down . that investigator discovers he too may be in love with mary so he gives ted some false information to keep him away from her . but soon ted finds himself back into mary 's life as we watch one funny scene after another .
in california an old man (bela lugosi ) grieves the loss of his wife (vampira) and on the next day he also dies . however the space soldier eros and her mate tanna use an electric device to resurrect them both and the strong inspector clay (tor johnson ) that was murdered by the couple . their intention is not to conquer earth but to stop mankind from developing the powerful bomb "solobonite" that would threaten the universe . when the population of hollywood and washington dc sees flying saucers on the sky a colonel a police lieutenant a commercial pilot his wife and a policeman try to stop the aliens .
two young men one rich one middle class who are in love with the same woman become fighter pilots in world war i .
harriet and queenie mahoney a vaudeville act come to broadway where their friend eddie kerns needs them for his number in one of francis zanfield 's shows . eddie was in love with harriet but when he meets queenie he falls in love to her but she is courted by jock warriner a member of the new yorker high society . it takes a while till queenie recognizes that she is for jock nothing more than a toy and it also takes a while till harriet recognizes that eddie is in love with queenie .
this is an english language film (made in america ) adapted from a novel by german author erich maria remarque . the film follows a group of german schoolboys talked into enlisting at the beginning of world war by their jingoistic teacher . the story is told entirely through the experiences of the young german recruits and highlights the tragedy of war through the eyes of individuals . as the boys witness death and mutilation all around them any preconceptions about "the enemy " and the "rights and wrongs " of the conflict disappear leaving them angry and bewildered . this is highlighted in the scene where paul mortally wounds a french soldier and then weeps bitterly as he fights to save his life while trapped in a shell crater with the body . the film is not about heroism but about drudgery and futility and the gulf between the concept of war and the actuality .
when the government opens up the oklahoma territory for settlement restless yancey cravat claims a plot of the free land for himself and moves his family there from wichita . a newspaperman lawyer and just about everything else cravat soon becomes a leading citizen of the boom town of osage . once the town is established however he begins to feel confined once again and heads for the cherokee strip leaving his family behind . during this and other absences his wife sabra must learn to take care of herself and soon becomes prominent in her own right .
a group of very different individuals staying at a luxurious hotel in berlin deal with each of their respective dramas .
midshipman roger byam joins captain bligh and fletcher christian aboard the hms bounty for a voyage to tahiti . bligh proves to be a brutal tyrant and after six pleasant months on tahiti ...
fictionalized account of the life of famed french author emile zola . as portrayed in the film he was a penniless writer sharing an apartment in paris with painter paul cezanne when he finally wrote a best -seller nana . he has always had difficulty holding onto a job as he is quite outspoken being warned on several occasions by the public prosecutor that he risks charges if he does not temper his writings . the bulk of the film deals with his involvement in the case of captain alfred dreyfus who was falsely convicted of giving secret military information to the germans and sentenced to life imprisonment on devils island . antisemitism played an important role in the real -life case but is hardly mentioned in the film . even after the military found definitive evidence that dreyfus was innocent the army decided to cover it up rather than face the scandal of having arbitrarily convicted the wrong man . zola 's famous letter j 'accuse (i accuse ) led to his own trial for libel where he was found guilty and forced to flee to england . dreyfus was eventually exonerated and restored to his military rank .
the stenographer alice sycamore is in love with her boss tony kirby who is the vice -president of the powerful company owned by his greedy father anthony p . kirby . kirby sr . is dealing a monopoly in the trade of weapons and needs to buy one last house in a twelve block area owned by alice 's grandparent martin vanderhof . however martin is the patriarch of an anarchic and eccentric family where the members do not care for money but for having fun and making friends . when tony proposes alice she states that it would be mandatory to introduce her simple and lunatic family to the snobbish kirbys and tone decides to visit alice with his parents one day before the scheduled . there is an inevitable clash of classes and lifestyles the kirbys spurn the sycamores and alice breaks with tony changing the lives of the kirby family .
at the turn of the century in a welsh mining village the morgans he stern she gentle raise coal -mining sons and hope their youngest will find a better life .
a british family struggles to survive the first months of world war ii .
youthful father chuck o 'malley led a colorful life of sports song and romance before joining the roman catholic clergy but his level gaze and twinkling eyes make it clear that he knows ...
the story concentrates on the social re -adjustment of three world war ii servicemen each from a different station of society . al stephenson returns to an influential banking position but finds it hard to reconcile his loyalties to ex -servicemen with new commercial realities . fred derry is an ordinary working man who finds it difficult to hold down a job or pick up the threads of his marriage . having had both hands burnt off during the war homer parrish is unsure that his fiance 's feelings are still those of love and not those of pity . each of the veterans faces a crisis upon his arrival and each crisis is a microcosm of the experiences of many american warriors who found an alien world awaiting them when they came marching home .
philip green is a highly respected writer who is recruited by a national magazine to write a series of articles on anti -semitism in america . he 's not too keen on the series mostly because he 's not sure how to tackle the subject . then it dawns on him : if he was to pretend to all and sundry that he was jewish he could then experience the degree of racism and prejudice that exists and write his story from that perspective . it takes little time for him to experience bigotry . his anger at the way he is treated also affects his relationship with kathy lacy his publisher 's niece and the person who suggested the series in the first place .
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
based on the robert penn warren novel . the life of populist southerner willie stark a political creature loosely based on governor huey long of louisiana .
to ensure a full profitable season circus manager brad braden engages the great sebastian though this moves his girlfriend holly from her hard -won center trapeze spot . holly and sebastian begin a dangerous one -upmanship duel in the ring while he pursues her on the ground . subplots involve the secret past of buttons the clown and the efforts of racketeers to move in on the game concessions . let the show begin !
it 's . robert e . lee prewitt has requested army transfer and has ended up at schofield in hawaii . his new captain dana holmes has heard of his boxing prowess and is keen to get him to represent the company . however 'prew' is adamant that he doesn 't box anymore so captain holmes gets his subordinates to make his life a living hell . meanwhile sergeant warden starts seeing the captain 's wife who has a history of seeking external relief from a troubled marriage . prew 's friend maggio has a few altercations with the sadistic stockade sergeant 'fatso' judson and prew begins falling in love with social club employee lorene . unbeknownst to anyone the japanese bombing of pearl harbor looms in the distance .
an ex -prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses .
west side story is the award -winning adaptation of the classic romantic tragedy "romeo and juliet ". the feuding families become two warring new york city gangs - the white jets led by riff and the puerto rican sharks led by bernardo . their hatred escalates to a point where neither can coexist with any form of understanding . but when riff 's best friend (and former jet ) tony and bernardo 's younger sister maria meet at a dance no one can do anything to stop their love . maria and tony begin meeting in secret planning to run away . then the sharks and jets plan a rumble under the highway - whoever wins gains control of the streets . maria sends tony to stop it hoping it can end the violence . it goes terribly wrong and before the lovers know what 's happened tragedy strikes and doesn 't stop until the climactic and heartbreaking ending .
the romantic and chivalrous adventures of adopted bastard tom jones in century england .
the story takes place in century england . but men like sir thomas more who love life yet have the moral fiber to lay down their lives for their principles are found in every century . concentrating on the last seven years of english chancellor 's life the struggle between more and his king henry viii hinges on henry 's determination to break with rome so he can divorce his current wife and wed again and good catholic more 's inability to go along with such heresy . more resigns as chancellor hoping to be able to live out his life as a private citizen . but henry will settle for nothing less than that the much respected more give public approval to his headstrong course .
detective virgil tibbs is caught up in the racial tension of the us south when he is arrested after the murder of a prominent businessman . tibbs was simply waiting for his next train at the station in sparta mississippi and the confusion is soon resolved but when local police chief gillespie learns that tibbs is the philadelphia pd 's number one homicide expert he reluctantly asks for his assistance . the murdered man mr . colbert had come to sparta from the north to build a new factory and his wife and business associates immediately point the finger at endicott the most powerful man in the county and the one who had the most to lose if a major new employer comes to the area . tibbs ' life is clearly in danger but he perseveres in a highly charged and racially explosive environment until the killer is found .
young oliver twist runs away from an orphanage and meets a group of boys trained to be pickpockets by an elderly mentor .
texas greenhorn joe buck arrives in new york for the first time . preening himself as a real 'hustler' he finds that he is the one getting 'hustled' until he teams up with a down -and-out but resilient outcast named ratso rizzo . the initial 'country cousin meets city cousin ' relationship deepens . in their efforts to bilk a hostile world rebuffing them at every turn this unlikely pair progress from partners in shady business to comrades . each has found his first real friend .
rocky balboa is a struggling boxer trying to make the big time working as a debt collector for a pittance . when heavyweight champion apollo creed visits philadelphia his managers want to set up an exhibition match between creed and a struggling boxer touting the fight as a chance for a "nobody" to become a "somebody". the match is supposed to be easily won by creed but someone forgot to tell rocky who sees this as his only shot at the big time .
ted kramer is a career man for whom his work comes before his family . his wife joanna cannot take this anymore so she decides to leave him . ted is now faced with the tasks of housekeeping and taking care of himself and their young son billy . when he has learned to adjust his life to these new responsibilities joanna resurfaces and wants billy back . ted however refuses to give him up so they go to court to fight for the custody of their son .
beth calvin and their son conrad are living in the aftermath of the death of the other son . conrad is overcome by grief and misplaced guilt to the extent of a suicide attempt . he is in therapy . beth had always preferred his brother and is having difficulty being supportive to conrad . calvin is trapped between the two trying to hold the family together .
it 's the post -wwi era . britons harold abrahams and eric liddell are both naturally gifted fast sprinters but approach running and how it fits into their respective lives differently . the son of a lithuanian -jew harold who lives a somewhat privileged life as a student at cambridge uses being the fastest to overcome what he sees as the obstacles he faces in life as a jew despite that privilege . in his words to paraphrase an old adage he is often invited to the trough but isn 't allowed to drink . his running prowess does earn him the respect of his classmates especially his running teammates and to some extent the school administration if only he maintains what they consider proper gentlemanly decorum which isn 't always the case in their minds . born in china the son of christian missionaries eric a scot is a devout member of the church of scotland who eventually wants to return to that missionary work . he sees running as a win -win in that the notoriety of being fast gives him an added outlet to spread the word of god while he sees his speed as being a gift from god and he wants to run to honor god and that gift . this view does not sit well with his sister jennie liddell who sees his running as only taking away time from his work to god . harold and eric 's lives do intersect in national races but it is the meter track event at the paris olympics which the two men and their supporters most anticipate . beyond the fact that americans charles paddock and jackson scholz are favored in the event the much anticipated head to head between harold and eric may be further shadowed by other issues especially as it affects eric 's christian beliefs .
follows hard -to-please aurora looking for love and her daughter 's family problems .
follows the life of karen blixen who establishes a plantation in africa . her life is complicated by a husband of convenience (bror blixen ) a true love (denys) troubles on the plantation schooling of the natives war and catching vd from her husband .
the story of the final emperor of china .
charles sanford "charlie" babbit is a self -centered los angeles -based automobile dealer /hustler/bookie who is at war with his own life . charlie as a young teenager used his father 's buick convertible without permission and as a result he went to jail for two days on account that his father reported it stolen . it is then that charlie learns that his estranged father died and left him from his last will and testament a huge bed of roses and the car while the remainder will of million goes into a trust fund to be distributed to someone . charlie seemed pretty angry by this and decides to look into this matter . it seems as if that "someone" is raymond charlie 's unknown brother an autistic savant who lives in a world of his own resides at the walbrook institute . charlie then kidnaps raymond and decides to take him on a lust for life trip to the west coast as a threat to get the million inheritance . raymond 's acts and nagging including repeated talks of "abbott & costello " "four minutes till wapner " and refusal to fly on an airline except quantas drives charlie insane ... and out of his selfish world into a cross -country trek of pure love and understanding that these two both have .
an old jewish woman and her african -american chauffeur in the american south have a relationship that grows and improves over the years .
this film is presented as a documentary on the life of an incompetent petty criminal called virgil starkwell . it describes the early childhood and youth of virgil his failure at a musical career and his obsession with bank robberies . the film uses a voice over narrative and interviews with his family friends and acquaintances .
six months after the disappearance of tuscarora pa businessman tom gruneman his boss peter cable and his wife holly gruneman hire tom 's best friend private detective john klute to find out what happened to tom as the police have been unable to do so and despite john having no expertise in missing persons cases . the only lead is a typewritten obscene letter tom purportedly sent to manhattan actress /model/call girl bree daniel who admits to having received such letters from someone and since having received several obscene telephone calls as well . the suggestion /belief is that tom was one of bree 's past johns although she has no recollection of him when shown his photograph . bree tricking is more a compulsion than a financial need . in their initial encounters john and bree do whatever they can to exert their psychological dominance over the other especially as bree initially refused to even speak to him . despite their less than friendly start they embark on a personal relationship based on emotional need but it is a relationship bree tries to sabotage because of those same issues which causes her to turn tricks . as they follow the leads through bree 's call girl world they know they 're getting close to finding the truth when someone starts to use psychological torture on bree . they believe the key to tom 's disappearance is a john who once tried to kill her a few years earlier but who as a person she doesn 't remember . the questions become whether john and bree can discover his identity and stop him before he tries to kill bree again and if they can whether there is an immediate future for them together .
frustrated punk rocker otto quits his supermarket job after slugging a co -worker and is later dumped by his girlfriend at a party . wandering the streets in frustration he is recruited in the repossession of a car by a repo agent . after discovering his parents have donated his college fund to a televangelist he joins the repossession agency (helping hand acceptance corporation ) as an apprentice "repo man ". during his training he is introduced into the mercenary and paranoid world of the drivers befriended by a ufo conspiracy theorist confronted by rival repo agents discovers some of his one -time friends have turned to a life of crime is lectured to near cosmic unconsciousness by the repo agency grounds worker and finds himself entangled in a web of intrigue concerning a huge repossession bounty on a chevy malibu driven by a lunatic government scientist with top secret cargo in the trunk .
in an apartment on manhattan a couple of friends from the new york upper -class meet almost every night to talk about social mobility play bridge and discuss fourier 's socialism ; the cynic nick the philosophical charlie party girl sally and austenite audrey . they are joined by tom . his background is much simpler and he is critical of their way of life . but he finds a soul mate in audrey who without his knowledge falls in love with him .
young sarah is left home alone by her parents and she has to babysit her little brother toby . but the baby keeps crying and sarah while telling him a story to make him sleep inadvertently conjures from a fantasy world the goblin king who steals the child and brings him to his castle in the middle of a labyrinth . sarah has to rescue him before midnight or the baby will became a goblin ...
beyond being in the same class at shermer high school in shermer illinois claire standish andrew clark john bender brian johnson and allison reynolds have little in common and with the exception of claire and andrew do not associate with each other in school . in the simplest and in their own terms claire is a princess andrew an athlete john a criminal brian a brain and allison a basket case . but one other thing they do have in common is a nine hour detention in the school library together on saturday march under the direction of mr . vernon supervising from his office across the hall . each is required to write a minimum one thousand word essay during that time about who they think they are . at the beginning of those nine hours each if they were indeed planning on writing that essay would probably write something close to what the world sees of them and what they have been brainwashed into believing of themselves . but based on their adventures during that nine hours they may come to a different opinion of themselves and the other four .
a teenage boy is haunted in his dreams by freddy krueger who is out to possess him in order to continue his murder spree in the real world .
survivors of undead serial killer freddy krueger - who stalks his victims in their dreams - learn to take control of their own dreams in order to fight back .
freddy krueger returns once again to terrorize the dreams of the remaining dream warriors as well as those of a young woman who may know the way to defeat him for good .
alice having survived the previous installment of the nightmare series finds the deadly dreams of freddy krueger starting once again . this time the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of alice 's unborn child . his intention is to be "born again " into the real world . the only one who can stop freddy is his dead mother but can alice free her spirit in time to save her own son ?
in part six of the nightmare on elm street series dream monster freddy krueger has finally killed all the children of his hometown and seeks to escape its confines to hunt fresh prey . to this end he recruits the aid of his (previously unmentioned ) daughter . however she discovers the demonic origin of her father 's powers and meets dad head -on in a final showdown (originally presented in -d).
one summer at camp crystal lake a group of young counselors begin to get ready to lead campers . unfortunately for the former someone isn 't happy about what 's going on in the camp and enjoys playing kill the counselor . as bodies fall to the ground in the camp no one is safe .
mrs . voorhees is dead and camp crystal lake is shut down but a camp next to the infamous place is stalked by an unknown assailant . is it mrs . voorhees ' son jason who did not really drown in the lake some years before ?
the making of friday the : a new beginning with interviews with the cast and crew .
tommy jarvis returns to the graveyard to make sure jason voorhees is dead and accidentally brings him back to life . now it 's up to tommy to stop jason 's mindless killing and put him back where he belongs .
years after tommy jarvis chained him underwater at camp crystal lake the dormant jason voorhees returns to the camp grounds when he is accidentally released from his prison by a telekinetic teenager .
a boat of graduating high school students bound for manhattan pulls jason voorhees along for the ride . look out new york - here comes hell in a hockey mask .
the year is the night : halloween . police are called to lampkin ln . only to discover that year old judith myers has been stabbed to death by her year -old brother michael . after being institutionalized for years myers breaks out on the night before halloween . no one knows nor wants to find out what will happen on october besides myers ' psychiatrist dr . loomis . he knows michael is coming back to haddonfield but by the time the town realizes it it 'll be too late for many people .
in a continuation of the plot of halloween michael myers shows off his indestructability by resuming his murder spree despite being gunned down with six bullets in the original movie . laurie strode is once more his intended victim with dr . sam loomis again in hot persuit .
an apparent murder -suicide in a hospital emergency room leads to an investigation by the on -call doctor which reveals a plot by an insane toymaker to kill as many people as possible during halloween through an ancient celtic ritual involving a stolen boulder from stonehenge and halloween masks .
it 's october and michael myers has been in a coma since his pursuit of laurie strode years ago was finally stopped (events of and ). however when he is transfered from richmond mental institute to smith 's grove he awakes when he hears that he has a niece in haddonfield and after killing the transfer crew he escapes . in haddonfield the niece jamie has been adopted by the carruthers family but keeps having nightmares about michael (but she doesn 't know who he is ). on halloween night jamie goes out trick and treating little knowing that her murdering uncle is following her and her step -sister rachel . rushing to her aid is dr . loomis and with the help of sheriff meeker starts to search the town for michael and to find jamie to protect her . but can anything stop michael this time ?
it 's one year later after the events of halloween . michael survives the shootings and on october he returns with a vengeance . lurking and stalking jamie rachel and rachel 's friends michael forms a plan to lure jamie out of the children 's hospital where events lead up to the confrontation at the myers house . halloween is a dark thrill ride that will scare the heck out of you !
donna 's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends .
thirty years after her accidental death at her senior prom the tortured spirit of prom queen mary lou maloney returns to seek revenge .
a murdered high school girl returns from the grave and hypnotizes a student into helping her commit revenge murders .
carrying on the prom night tradition this film begins back at hamilton high school on prom night in . as a young couple are enjoying a romantic moment together in the back seat of a car they are interrupted by father jonas a priest who slashes and immolates the lovers . thirty years later jonas gets loose from the chapel basement where the church fathers had been secretly keeping him locked up and drugged . as luck would have it it 's prom night again and group of four students have unfortunately chosen jonas 's hideout as their secluded getaway spot .
a single mother gives her son a much sought after doll for his birthday only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer .
while andy 's mother is admitted to a psychiatric hospital the young boy is placed in foster care and chucky determined to claim andy 's soul is not far behind .
it 's been eight years since the events in the second film we now see that andy is a teenager who has been enrolled in a military school . play pals toy company decides to re -release its good guys line feeling that after all this time the bad publicity has died down . as they re -used old materials the spirit of charles lee ray once again comes to life . in his search for andy chucky falls into the hands of a younger boy and he realizes that it may be easier to transfer his soul into this unsuspecting child . andy is the only one who knows what chucky is up to and it 's now up to him to put a stop to it .
a family 's home is haunted by a host of ghosts .
since the poltergeist activity came in is now back for the unexpected family
carol anne has been sent to live with her aunt and uncle in an effort to hide her from the clutches of the ghostly reverend kane but he tracks her down and terrorises her in her relatives ' appartment in a tall glass building . will he finally achieve his target and capture carol anne again or will tangina be able yet again to thwart him ?
jin -myung is a psychiatrist and exorcist . together with his assistant ji -kwang he is traveling around in south korea and helps the victims of demonic possession . his latest mission is to cure geum -joo who terrorizes her environment against her will but without the usual signs of demonic possession . even jin -myung fails to help her at first so he decides to take some research which leads him and ji -kwang to a forbidden cave that is the origin of some dark legends .
dr . gene tuskin works with troubled children perhaps none more troubled than regan macneil who suffers from bad dreams and repressed memories . the memories she represses are of the time she was possessed by a demon . dr . tuskin 's invention a device that hypnotizes two persons and links their minds together reveals that the demon named pazuzu still lurks within her . it is desperate to emerge again and wreak havoc . meanwhile father philip lamont is ordered by his cardinal to investigate the death of father merrin the priest who died while performing an exorcism on regan . father lamont undertakes his task reluctantly . he feels unworthy of his assignment . he also feels that evil is literally an entity and that this entity is winning the battle over good . his investigation takes him to africa where he locates another recipient of merrin 's exorcising and learns something fascinating and terrible about locusts .
a police lieutenant uncovers more than he bargained for as his investigation of a series of murders which have all the hallmarks of the deceased 'gemini' serial killer lead him to question the patients of a psychiatric ward .
a veteran policeman murtaugh is partnered with a younger suicidal officer riggs . they both have one thing in common : hating working in pairs . now they must learn to work with one another to stop a gang of drug smugglers .
riggs and murtaugh are on the trail of south african diplomats who are using their immunity to engage in criminal activities .
martin riggs and roger murtaugh pursue an arms dealer who is a former lapd officer .
minature green monsters tear through the small town of kingston falls . hijinks ensue as a mild -mannered bank teller releases these hideous loonies after gaining a new pet and violating two of three simple rules : no water (violated) no food after midnight (violated) and no bright light . hilarious mayhem and destruction in a town straight out of norman rockwell . so when your washing machine blows up or your tv goes on the fritz before you call the repair man turn on all the lights and look under all the beds . 'cause you never can tell there just might be a gremlin in your house .
the gremlins are back and this time they 've taken total control over the building of a media mogul .
mikey walsh and brandon walsh are brothers whose family is preparing to move because developers want to build a golf course in the place of their neighborhood -- unless enough money is raised to stop the construction of the golf course and that 's quite doubtful . but when mikey stumbles upon a treasure map of the famed "one-eyed" willy 's hidden fortune mikey brandon and their friends lawrence "chunk" cohen clark "mouth" devereaux andrea "andy" carmichael stefanie "stef" steinbrenner and richard "data" wang calling themselves the goonies set out on a quest to find the treasure in hopes of saving their neighborhood . the treasure is in a cavern but the entrance to the cavern is under the restaurant of evil thief mama fratelli and her sons jake fratelli francis fratelli and the severely disfigured lotney "sloth" fratelli . sloth befriends the goonies and decides to help them .
a young thief seeking revenge for the death of his brother is trained by the once great but aged zorro who also pursues vengeance of his own .
the film centers on a big polish family . jadzia is the mother and the ruler of the pzoniak family (she has five children ). though she 's happily married to bolek she is also having a ...
in earth is overpopulated and totally polluted ; the natural resources have been exhausted and the nourishment of the population is provided by soylent industries a company that makes a food consisting of plankton from the oceans . in new york city when soylent 's member of the board william r . simonson is murdered apparently by a burglar at the chelsea towers west where he lives efficient detective thorn is assigned to investigate the case with his partner solomon "sol" roth . thorn comes to the fancy apartment and meets simonson 's bodyguard tab fielding and the "furniture" (woman that is rented together with the flat ) shirl and the detective concludes that the executive was not victim of burglary but executed . further he finds that the governor santini and other powerful men want to disrupt and end thorn 's investigation . but thorn continues his work and discovers a bizarre and disturbing secret of the ingredient used to manufacture soylent green .
sometime in the future the city of metropolis is home to a utopian society where its wealthy residents live a carefree life . one of those is freder fredersen . one day he spots a beautiful woman with a group of children she and the children who quickly disappear . trying to follow her he oblivious to such is horrified to find an underground world of workers apparently who run the machinery which keeps the above ground utopian world functioning . one of the few people above ground who knows about the world below is freder 's father joh fredersen who is the founder and master of metropolis . freder learns that the woman is maria who espouses the need to join the "hands" - the workers - to the "head" - those in power above - by a mediator or the "heart". freder wants to help the plight of the workers in the want for a better life . but when joh learns of what maria is espousing and that freder is joining their cause joh with the assistance of an old colleague and now nemesis named rotwang an inventor works toward quashing a supposed uprising with maria as the center of their plan . however joh is unaware that rotwang has his own agenda . but if any of these plans includes the shut down of the machines total anarchy could break loose both above ground and below .
after visiting marty mcfly must repeat his visit to to prevent disastrous changes to ...without interfering with his first trip .
enjoying a peaceable existence in doctor emmet brown is about to be killed by buford "mad dog " tannen . marty mcfly travels back in time to save his friend .
a group of passengers struggle to survive and escape when their ocean liner completely capsizes at sea .
the wide generation gap between tess coleman and her teenage daughter anna is more than evident . they simply cannot understand each other 's preferences . on a thursday night they have a big argument in a chinese restaurant . both receive a fortune cookie each from the restaurant owner 's mother which causes them to switch bodies next day . as they adjust with their new personalities they begin to understand each other more and eventually it 's the mutual self -respect that sorts the things out .
the adventures of two idiotic outlaw wannabees amos and theodore .
ollie dee and stanley dum try to borrow money from their employer the toymaker to pay off the mortgage on mother peep 's shoe and keep it and little bo peep from the clutches of the evil ...
the animated story of bambi a young deer hailed as the 'prince of the forest ' at his birth . as bambi grows he makes friends with the other animals of the forest learns the skills needed to survive and even finds love . one day however the hunters come and bambi must learn to be as brave as his father if he is to lead the other deer to safety .
a veteran samurai who has fallen on hard times answers a village 's request for protection from bandits . he gathers other samurai to help him and they teach the townspeople how to defend themselves and they supply the samurai with three small meals a day . the film culminates in a giant battle when bandits attack the village .
in century france the marquise de merteuil and the vicomte de valmont play a dangerous game of seduction . valmont is someone who measures success by the number of his conquests and merteuil challenges him to seduce the soon to be married cecile de volanges and provide proof in writing of his success . his reward for doing so will be to spend the night with merteuil . he has little difficulty seducing cecile but what he really wants is to seduce madame de tourvel . when merteuil learns that he has actually fallen in love with her she refuses to let him claim his reward for seducing cecile . death soon follows .
in the far future a duke and his family are sent by the emperor to a sand world from which comes a spice that is essential for interstellar travel . the move is designed to destroy the duke and his family but his son escapes and seeks revenge as he uses the world 's ecology as one of his weapons .
the carpenter jesus of nazareth tormented by the temptations of demons the guilt of making crosses for the romans pity for men and the world and the constant call of god sets out to find what god wills for him . but as his mission nears fulfillment he must face the greatest temptation ; the normal life of a good man . based not on the gospels but on nikos kazantzakis ' novel of the same name .
two youngsters from rival clans fall in love .
humbert humbert a divorced british professor of french literature travels to small -town america for a teaching position . he allows himself to be swept into a relationship with charlotte haze his widowed and sexually famished landlady whom he marries in order that he might pursue the woman 's -year-old flirtatious daughter lolita with whom he has fallen hopelessly in love but whose affections shall be thwarted by a devious trickster named clare quilty .
after the suicide of the teenager allen clark his family decides to move from chicago to the quiet cradle bay island seeking a peaceful life for the siblings steve and lindsay clark . when steve joins the local high -school the outcast gavin strick befriends steve and introduces his also rejected friend rachel wagner to the newcomer . gavin exposes to steve in the refectory the punks the nerds and the different tribes of the school and he defends the weird theory that a sinister force changes the behavior of the annoyingly perfect "blue ribbons " a group of good students that wear identical jackets and gather in the yogurt shoppe . further he tells that he had witnessed the blue ribbon andy efkin killing their schoolmate mary jo that is missing and the local officer cox covering the murder . steve does not believe on gavin words but when his friend is submitted to the treatment of dr . edgar caldicott and immediately changes his behavior joining the blue ribbons steve and rachel decides to investigate the mystery discovering the dark secret of the perfect behavior .
following the normandy landings a group of u .s. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action .
billy a struggling young gay photographer (who likes polaroids ) tired of being the "other man " falls in love with gabriel a waiter and aspiring musician who is probably straight but possibly gay or at least curious . billy tries to get gabriel to model for his latest project a series of remakes of famous hollywood screen kisses featuring male couples while also trying to win his affections .
to save it from being put to death professor albert dooley takes home a dumb duck from the research laboratory which accidentally was exposed to x -rays. at home he discovers that it lays now golden eggs . since he 's broke all the time his family welcomes this new source of income greatly and tries to keep it secret . but their greedy neighbors become suspicious .
a young man who works in the mailroom at a tv network wants to move up the corporate ladder but finds himself stymied by his selfish boss . by chance he discovers that his neighbor 's chimpanzee has a knack for picking successful tv programs . he uses the chimp 's programming skills to land himself a job in the programming department of the network .
a young boy and a bunch of misfit friends embark on a quest to find a dark magic item of ultimate power before a diabolical tyrant can .
an american dream is shattered when a clean -cut suburban teenager is seduced into a life of drug abuse and eventually crime . family and underground lives collide when a drug deal gone wrong puts his family in grave danger .
in this comedy peter ustinov is the famous pirate 's ghost that returns to our time . blackbeard has been cursed by his last wife who was a notorious witch so that he will never die . the only way to "break" the curse is to do (for once in his life ) a good act . is the famous pirate able to do something good ?
by accident the -year-old preston is given a blank check and when he fills in - he is able to get it ! he is having fun spending the money but the gangsters who owned it want ...
small -time crook harry bundage discovers that the old manor house where lady st . edmund resides with three orphans and her butler priory is the resting place for a hoard of treasure . unfortunately he doesn 't know where it is . bundage recruits urchin casey brown to dupe lady st . edmund into thinking that she is her long -lost granddaughter so she can search for clues to the location of the treasure . unbeknownst to bundage and her ladyship lady st . edmund is flat broke and priory and the children help her ladyship try to keep her home and pride . joined by casey they do all the chores and priory acts as the butler gardener chauffeur and an old major all at the same time !
a ufo is stranded on earth and impounded by the us government . its pilot a cat with a collar that has special powers including the ability to allow the cat to communicate with humans has eluded the authorities and needs the help of a man named frank in order to reclaim and repair his ship to get back home .
an american boy and girl spending six months in kenya with their scientist parents adopt a cheetah only to realize that they must set it loose so that it can learn to hunt and be free . ...
some college students manage to persuade the town 's big businessman a . j . arno to donate a computer to their college . when the problem - student dexter riley tries to fix the computer he gets an electric shock and his brain turns to a computer ; now he remembers everything he reads . unfortunately he also remembers information which was in the computer 's memory like the illegal business arno is involved in .
cartoonist woody becomes the superhero he draws . using his gadgets he helps a soviet spy defect to the west .
gordon bombay is forced to withdraw from the minor hockey league with a knee injury . much to his surprise he is given the job of coach of team usa hockey for the junior goodwill games in california . with most of the ducks and a few new players in tow he sets forth for la . all appears to be going well for a while but the hype of hollywood starts to get to gordon and he is distracted when iceland the favourites to win the title appear on the scene .
darby o 'gill seems to be as full of blarney as any old codger in ireland but the stories of leprechauns he tells at the pub are true . in fact he and the tiny king brian ruler of the little people are friendly adversaries continually out -foxing each other . darby needs a bit of magical help from the wily king when lord fitzpatrick replaces him as caretaker with the handsome strapping young michael from dublin . michael falls in love with darby 's beautiful daughter katie which is all right with darby ; but the lad has a rival in a local ruffian the son of a devious widow who wants her boy to be the caretaker . king brian 's supernatural assistance is necessary to make everything come out all right but the sneaky leprechaun won 't play matchmaker without a fight . finally real trouble comes in the form of the banshee and darby will need all his quick wits to save his daughter from the wicked spirit .
when max dies in an accident he goes straight to hell . but the devil barney makes him an offer : if he manages to get three innocent youths to sell him their souls in the next two months ...
the witty nonni and the stuck -up city -boy harry are the only ones to survive a massacre of a gang of poachers among the gamekeeper 's family on his lonesome farm in the savanna . now the ruthless murderers are after them as the only witnesses . without a means of transportation the only way to escape is to walk through kilometers of kalahari desert with the help of the african bushman xhabbo . on the months -long journey ahead they not only become good friends against their differences but also realize that every one of them has strength and skills that are required to survive .
in a boy is moved years into the future and has an adventure with the alien ship that is responsible for that .
an eccentric millionaire and his grandchildren are embroiled in the plights of some forest gnomes who are searching for the rest of their tribe . while helping them the millionaire is ...
in victorian london england a little mouse girl 's toymaker father is abducted by a peglegged bat . she enlists the aid of basil of baker street the rodent world 's answer to sherlock holmes . the case expands as basil uncovers the crime 's link to a plot against the crown itself .
a happy and unbelievably lucky young irish immigrant john lawless lands a job as the butler of an unconventional millionaire biddle . his daughter cordelia drexel biddle tires of the ...
pete stancheck inherits from his uncle jim douglas a race car being stored in puerto vallarta . with his friend davy johns (d.j. to his friends ) accompanying him to p .v. pete is dismayed to learn that the car is an older model volkswagen beetle . but when pete and d .j. see what the car can do and learn that it somewhat has a mind of its own they decide to enter it into the brazil grand primeo formula one race . en route to rio de janeiro herbie the car gets pete and d .j. into one predicament after another as it tries to help its new friend a streetwise orphan named paco who pete and d .j. encountered in p .v. and who stowed away in herbie 's trunk . because of these predicaments pete and d .j. end up requiring a quick influx of cash and slyly enlist the help of wealthy louise trent and her bookish niece anthropology doctoral candidate melissa to be their financiers . pete 's role in the scheme is to woo the shy melissa about which he feels guilty . but initially unknown to all of them paco who picks pockets to survive is being chased by criminals from who paco inadvertently stole some film which shows the whereabouts of some incan treasures . as they collectively and individually work their way to rio herbie must ultimately protect paco pete d .j. louise and melissa from the bad guys while conversely prevent the bad guys from pillaging the treasures . through it all will romance bloom between pete and melissa and between louise and the object of her affection a cruise ship captain named blythe who is more reminiscent of a captain of a ship called the bounty than of a cruise kind ?
herbie the volkswagen beetle with a mind of its own is racing in the monte carlo rally . unbeknownst to herbie 's driver thieves have hidden a cache of stolen diamonds in herbie 's gas tank and are now trying to get them back .
after three centuries three witch sisters are resurrected in salem massachusetts on halloween night and it is up to two teenagers a young girl and an immortal cat to put an end to their reign of terror once and for all .
honey daniels is a -year-old sexy tough -minded part -black part -latina hip -hop dancer in new york 's east harlem who dreams of making it big as a music video choreographer . she teaches hip -hop dancing at a local youth center and encourages the local kids to attend to keep them off the streets and out of trouble . when luck shines on honey in the form of a famous music video director named michael who casts her in one music video she 's encouraged to make the transition from dancer to choreographer . but honey 's sudden success comes with a price when michael refuses to take "no" for an answer to his sexual advances and then tries to sabotage her career by blackballing her out of the business .
honey daniels is a -year-old sexy tough -minded part -black part -latina hip -hop dancer in new york 's east harlem who dreams of making it big as a music video choreographer . she teaches hip -hop dancing at a local youth center and encourages the local kids to attend to keep them off the streets and out of trouble . when luck shines on honey in the form of a famous music video director named michael who casts her in one music video she 's encouraged to make the transition from dancer to choreographer . but honey 's sudden success comes with a price when michael refuses to take "no" for an answer to his sexual advances and then tries to sabotage her career by blackballing her out of the business .
this saga of the old west involves twin brothers who compete for possession of a rickety cow town founded by their father while a crooked mayor tries to put an end to the competitors so he can inherit the town himself .
in century england young mary grant and her brother robert embark on a dangerous quest to find their missing father a sea captain who vanished somewhere along the chilean coast .
after a convenience store robbery three unidentified men hold a group of people hostage in a hospital . inspector ishida and captain tohno handle the negotiations while one of their ...
when two pre -teens named hallie & annie meet through their summer camp their two lives are rattled when they realize that they are identical twins . with parents british mother aka famous dress designer elizabeth & american father a wine maker named nick living in two different sides of the universe the girls decide to make an identity swap in hopes of spending time with their other parent . the girls later choose to aware their guardians of the swap while at a hotel in nyc which late reunites the divorced pair and sends them back into remarriage with each other .
two childhood friends are pro athletes of a national sport called baseketball a hybrid of baseball and basketball and must deal with a greedy businessman scheming against their team .
when the father of privileged rosina da silva violently dies she decides to pass herself off as a gentile and finds employment with a family in faraway scotland . soon she and the family ...
a parisian sewer worker longs for a rise in status and a beautiful wife . he rescues a girl from the police lives with her in a barren flat on the seventh floor and then marches away to ...
director michael moore pursues gm ceo roger smith to confront him about the harm he did to flint michigan with his massive downsizing .
cecilia is a waitress in new jersey during the depression and is searching for an escape from her dreary life . tom baxter is a dashing young archaeologist in the film "the purple rose of cairo ." after losing her job cecilia goes to see the film in hopes of raising her spirits . much to her surprise tom baxter walks off the screen and into her life . there 's only one problem ..tom isn 't real . meanwhile hollywood is up in arms when they dicover that other tom baxters are trying to leave the screen in other theatres . will tom ever return and finish the film or will he decide to stay in the real world ?
jeff bailey small -town gas pumper has his mysterious past catch up with him one day when he 's ordered to meet with gambler whit sterling . en route to the meeting he tells girlfriend ann his story . flashback : once jeff was a private eye hired by sterling to find his mistress kathie who shot whit and absconded with he traces her to acapulco ...where the delectable kathie makes jeff forget all about sterling ... back in the present whit 's new job for jeff is clearly a trap but jeff 's precautions only leave him more tightly enmeshed ...
the life of a russian physician and poet who although married to another falls in love with a political activist 's wife and experiences hardship during the first world war and then the october revolution .
two young swedish children experience the many comedies and tragedies of their family the ekdahls .
in texas an elderly woman is determined to visit her childhood home for one last time .
a broken -down middle -aged country singer gets a new wife reaches out to his long -lost daughter and tries to put his troubled life back together .
this is the story of the first years of the aids epidemic in the united states and focuses on three key elements . dr . don francis an immunologist with experience in eradicating smallpox and containing the ebola virus joins the centers for disease control (cdc) to try and understand just what this disease is . they also have deal with bureaucracy and a government that doesn 't seem to care . the gay community in san francisco is divided on the nature of the disease but also what should be done about it . finally the film deals with the rivalry between dr . robert gallo the american virologist who previously discovered the first retrovirus and his french counterpart at the pasteur institute dr . luc montagnier that led to disputed claims about who was first to identify the aids virus .
this story takes place in a typical american neighborhood when some new neighbors come to live in the house next to ray peterson . these new people are really strange ; nobody has ever seen them their house is a real mess and during the night you can hear weird noises from their basement . the only thing they know is their name : klopeks . one day walter (an old man of the neighborhood ) suddenly disappears and everyone starts to suspect the klopeks ...
it 's at the university of texas austin . college buddies facing graduation marriage and the draft skip out of their own graduation party and head to the mexican border for some adventure a buried secret and one last go -around at "the privileges of youth ".
a hotel bellboy takes on a task of helping a woman find her lost luggage but their brief encounter turns into the love story of his dreams .
a german stage actor finds unexpected success and mixed blessings in the popularity of his performance in a faustian play as the nazis take power in pre -wwii germany . as his associates and friends flee or are ground under by the nazi terror the popularity of his character supercedes his own existence until he finds that his best performance is keeping up appearances for his nazi patrons .
the discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful mysterious nightclub singer and a group of psychopathic criminals who have kidnapped her child .
natty gann (played by meredith salenger ) is a twelve year old depression era girl whose single -parent father leaves her behind in chicago while he goes to washington state to look for work in the timber industry . natty runs away from the guardian she was left with to follow dad . she befriends and is befriended by a wolf that has been abused in dog fights hops a freight train west and is presumed dead when her wallet is found after the train crashes . dad gets bitter and endangers himself in his new job . meanwhile natty has a series of adventures and mis - adventures in various farmhouses police stations hobo camps reform schools and boxcars .
teenaged mowgli who was raised by wolves appears in a village in india and is adopted by messua . mowgli learns human language and some human ways quickly though keeping jungle ideas . influential merchant buldeo is bigoted against 'beasts' including mowgli ; not so buldeo 's pretty daughter whom mowgli takes on a jungle tour where they find a treasure setting the evil of human greed in motion .
three hooded eastern -european criminals burst into a home in a madrid gated community holding the family hostage in its own home and forcing the father to empty his credit cards .
lady a golden cocker spaniel meets up with a mongrel dog who calls himself the tramp . he is obviously from the wrong side of town but happenings at lady 's home make her decide to travel with him for a while . this turns out to be a bad move as no dog is above the law .
a team of humanoid duck ice hockey team /freedom fighters fight evil between games .
a retelling of the classic dickens tale of ebenezer scrooge miser extraordinaire . he is held accountable for his dastardly ways during night -time visitations by the ghosts of christmas past present and future .
july : when joseph pulitzer and william randolph hearst raise the distribution price one -tenth of a cent per paper ten cents per hundred the newsboys poor enough already are outraged . inspired by the strike put on by the trolley workers jack "cowboy" kelly (christian bale ) organizes a newsboys ' strike . with david jacobs (david moscow ) as the brains of the new union and jack as the voice the weak and oppressed found the strength to band together and challenge the powerful .
when a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of cruella de vil the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement .
gideon a christmas angel is sent by santa to help ginny grainger . ginny is a cynic and she hates christmas . she and her family (husband jack and two kids cal and abbie ) have fallen on hard times making it even harder to believe in anything that can 't be seen . with help from abbie and a trip to see santa claus himself can gideon find a way to make ginny believe again ?
an adaptation of j . m . barrie 's story about a boy who never grew up . the three children of the darling family receive a visit from peter pan who takes them to never land where an ongoing war between peter 's gang of rag -tag runaways and the evil pirate captain hook is taking place .
the adventures of the sailor man and his friends in the seaside town of sweethaven .
cody a boy from mugwomp flats responds to a distress call about a trapped giant golden eagle called marahute . freeing her he gains a close friendship with the bird . however cody is soon abducted by the murderous poacher percival mcleach who is after that bird which is of a highly endangered species and therefore an extremely profitable quarry . in a panic a mouse cody freed from one of mcleach 's traps sends a desperate call for help to the rescue aid society in new york city who assigns their top agents miss bianca and bernard to the task . with transportation provided by the goofy albatross wilbur the agents arrive in australia and link up with the ras ' local field operative jake the kangaroo rat . together the trio must race against time to find cody stop mcleach and save marahute .
tia and her brother tony have supernatural powers can communicate and move things with the power of their mind alone . they arrive on earth for a visit in los angeles . when tony uses his powers to prevent an accident he gets into the hands of dr . gannon a ruthless scientist who 's constantly striving for power over the world . he puts him a device into the brain that allows him to control tony 's will . tia gets help from a kids gang to free tony and save the earth .
jafar comes for revenge on aladdin using a foolish thief and iago 's treachery to find a way back into power .
dorothy gale has recently come home to kansas from the land of oz is now almost back to perfect health since the incident of the tornado only she cannot get that wonderful place out of her head . she frequently talks about it and cannot get any sleep at night . aunt em worries about her health /well-being. thinking that she is suffering delusional depression and acute insomnia she decides to take her to see a special doctor in another town . while he tries to treat her with electro -shock treatment and take those nasty dreams away from her head she is rescued by a mysterious girl who leads her back to oz for a new adventure .
a lawyer makes an interesting discovery that could affect his chances of getting elected to office .
adaptation of the fairy tale of the same name . princess aurora is cursed by the evil witch maleficent - who declares that before the sun sets on aurora 's birthday she will die by pricking her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel . to try to prevent this the king places her into hiding in the care of three good -natured - but not too bright - fairies .
in green town illinois the twelve year -old boys will halloway and jim nightshade are neighbors and best friends . will 's father charles halloway is an old man and the local librarian while jim and his mother wait for the return of the return of their father and husband that will never occur . the boys know everyone in town including their school teacher miss foley that misses her beauty and youth ; the lonely barber mr . crosetti that has no girlfriend or wife ; the greedy owner of a cigar store mr . tetley that is obsessed with money ; and the bartender ed that has severed arm and leg and dreams on being a football hero . one day jim buys a lightning rod from the salesman tom fury that tells that a storm is coming . during the night the boys overhear a mysterious train and they run through the woods to see the arrival but they do not see a living soul . however they find the mr . dark 's pandemonium carnival ready to be enjoyed and they snoop around . soon they realize that frustrated and greedy people are vanishing in town and the evil mr . dark and the dust witch make their dreams come true . in return mr . dark seizes their souls . now mr . dark is seeking them out but charles halloway has a journal from his father about the autumn carnival that might be their last chance to defeat the evil .
when professor brainard experiments further on flubber derivatives he gets in trouble and only his students can help .
uncle remus draws upon his tales of brer rabbit to help little johnny deal his confusion over his parents ' separation as well as his new life on the plantation . the tales : the briar patch the tar baby and brer rabbit 's laughing place .
a young man is reunited with a mermaid who saves him from drowning as a boy and falls in love not knowing who /what she is .
squanto is a high -born indian warrior from a tribe on the atlantic coast of north america which devotes its life to hunting and rivalry with a neighboring tribe . everything changes forever after a ship arrives from england prospecting the region 's commercial potential for the rich sir george who uses all his wealth and influence only for ever greater profit . when it returns several indians find themselves captives on board including squanto . the arrogant christians consider themselves utterly superior to the 'heathen savages ' and treat them as brutally as they do beasts . squanto fights a bear in a circus not understanding how men can be so cruel to that creature either and manages a spectacular escape but where must he go ? he finds shelter and help in a rural monastery where it takes his protector some effort to prevent the others considering the unknown as diabolical . in time sir george 's men come looking for him most brutally but he escapes again now determined to find a way back home across the ocean ...
mickey mouse piloting a steamboat delights his passenger minnie by making musical instruments out of the menagerie on deck .
a young boy draws on the inspiration of legendary western characters to find the strength to fight an evil land baron in the old west who wants to steal his family 's farm and destroy their idyllic community . when daniel hackett sees his father jonas gravely wounded by the villainous stiles his first urge is for his family to flee the danger and give up their life on a farm which daniel has come to despise anyway . going alone to a lake to try to decide what to do he falls asleep on a boat and wakes to find himself in the wild west in the company of such "tall tale " legends as pecos bill paul bunyan john henry and calamity jane . together they battle the same villains daniel is facing in his "real" world .
coming -of-age adventure about two teenage brothers and their struggles to grow up on their own after their mother dies and their father leaves them .
hacker /arcade owner kevin flynn is digitally broken down into a data stream by a villainous software pirate known as master control and reconstituted into the internal -d graphical world of computers . it is there in the ultimate blazingly colorful geometrically intense landscapes of cyberspace that flynn joins forces with tron to outmaneuver the master control program that holds them captive in the equivalent of a gigantic infinitely challenging computer game .
the story of a close -knit group of young kids in nazi germany who listen to banned swing music from the us . soon dancing and fun lead to more difficult choices as the nazis begin tightening ...
laurie strode now the dean of a northern california private school with an assumed name must battle the shape one last time and now the life of her own son hangs in the balance .
harris k telemacher is a 'wacky weekend weatherman ' for a local los angeles television station who is searching for meaning in his otherwise cliche ridden los angeles life . with the help of an insightful and talkative freeway sign harris embarks on a journey through los angeles in pursuit of sarah an english reporter who has been sent to the city of angels to research an article for the london times .
juliet forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident . her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe . to prove it was murder she enlists the services of private eye rigby reardon . he finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are "the friends and enemies of carlotta ." searching for answers rigby encounters assorted low -lifes: dangerous men and women who were the hallmarks of the classic detective movies of the 's and 's. filming in black and white allows scenes from old movies to be cut into this film . it is through this process that rigby 's assistant is none other than philip marlowe himself .
recently widowed doctor michael hfuhruhurr the world 's greatest neurosurgeon injures dolores benedict in a car accident . he operates on her and saves her life using a technique of his own invention : cranial screw -top brain entry . as benedict recovers hfuhruhurr falls in love with her and they are soon married . however benedict is only interested in hfuhruhurr 's money and hfuhruhurr still yearns for his previous wife . they travel to vienna to attend a medical conference where hfuhruhurr finally divorces dolores meets a mysterious doctor alfred necessiter and becomes entangled in a series of murders committed by the elevator killer .
grand canyon revolved around six residents from different backgrounds whose lives intertwine in modern -day los angeles . at the center of the film is the unlikely friendship of two men from different races and classes brought together when one finds himself in jeopardy in the other 's rough neighborhood .
in a very old textile mill with a serious rat infestation the workers discover a horrifying secret deep in the basement .
a struggle for power and control set in the rugged and mysterious hills of appalachia "outsiders" tells the story of the farrell clan a family of outsiders who 've been in these parts since before anyone can remember . living off the grid and above the law on their mountaintop homestead they 'll protect their world and defend their way of life using any means necessary .
after arriving in india indiana jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone . he agrees and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace .
while frodo and sam now accompanied by a new guide continue their hopeless journey towards the land of shadow to destroy the one ring each member of the broken fellowship plays their part in the battle against the evil wizard saruman and his armies of isengard .
in a totalitarian future society a man whose daily work is rewriting history tries to rebel by falling in love .
a short film about an isolated man in a post -apocalyptic world searching for his lost dog . through his search he navigates dangerous territory and people until he discovers a terrible secret about the fate of humanity .
when earth passes through the tail of rea -m rogue comet the machines come to life and threaten and kill the mankind . a group of survivors is under siege of fierce trucks in the dixie boy truck stop in a gas station and they have to fight to survive .
a mysterious new shop opens in a small town which always seems to stock the deepest desires of each shopper with a price far heavier than expected .
donna trenton is a frustrated suburban housewife whose life is a turmoil after her husband learns about her having an affair . brett camber is a young boy whose only companion is a saint -bernard named "cujo" who in turn is bitten by a rabid bat . whilst vic donna 's husband is away on business and thinking over his marital troubles donna and her -year-old son tad take her pinto to brett cambers ' dad 's car shop ... the car fails and "cujo" is very very sick ...
a boy preacher named isaac goes to a town in nebraska called gatlin and gets all the children to murder every adult in town . a young couple have a murder to report and they go to the nearest town (gatlin) to seek help but the town seems deserted . they are soon trapped in gatlin with little chance of getting out alive .
a dog returns from the dead looking for revenge on his killer using an orphan girl who can talk to animals .
the addams step out of charles addams ' cartoons . they live with all of the trappings of the macabre (including a detached hand for a servant ) and are quite wealthy . added to this mix is a crooked accountant and his loan shark and a plot to slip in the shark 's son into the family as their long lost uncle fester . can the false fester find his way into the vault before he is discovered ?
with the sudden death of her loving father danielle is made a servant by her new stepmother . she also has two new stepsisters one quite kind but the other one really horrid . still danielle grows up to be a happy and strong -willed young lady and one day her path crosses that of handsome prince henry who has troubles of his own at home . luckily the nice leonardo da vinci is on hand to help all round .
a shady police detective finds himself in the middle of a murder conspiracy at an important boxing match in an atlantic city casino .
two untalented singers are mistaken for a pair of major league safe crackers in providence rhode island . the two are pressed into service by the local hoodlums and quickly find themselves in conflict with their professional colleagues . romantic interest is added by the daughter of the underworld leader who won 't date the men she knows are gangsters .
dreams . becoming an atlantic city croupier will help sally realize her dream of going to monte carlo a symbol of the glamorous life that has been evading her since escaping from saskatchewan a decade ago . lou dreams that he was a great mobster in the old days . grace came to atlantic city for a betty grable look -alike contest and stayed to become the wife of a mobster . a brief visit to atlantic city by sally 's estranged husband will change the course of the lives of sally and lou .
after having neglected her children for many years world famous pianist charlotte visits her daughter eva in her home . to her surprise she finds her other daughter helena there as well . helena is mentally disabled and eva has taken helena out of the institution where their mother had placed her . the tension between charlotte and eva only builds up slowly until a nightly conversation releases all the things they have wanted to tell each other .
george and martha are a middle aged married couple whose charged relationship is defined by vitriolic verbal battles which underlies what seems like an emotional dependence upon each other . this verbal abuse is fueled by an excessive consumption of alcohol . george being an associate history professor in a new carthage university where martha 's father is the president adds an extra dimension to their relationship . late one saturday evening after a faculty mixer martha invites nick and honey an ambitious young biology professor new to the university and his mousy wife over for a nightcap . as the evening progresses nick and honey plied with more alcohol get caught up in george and martha 's games of needing to hurt each other and everyone around them . the ultimate abuse comes in the form of talk of george and martha 's unseen sixteen year old son whose birthday is the following day .
chris parker agrees to babysit after her "dream" date stands her up . expecting a dull evening chris settles down with three kids for a night of tv ... and boredom . but when her frantic friend brenda calls and pleads to be rescued from the bus station in downtown chicago the evening soon explodes into an endless whirl of hair -raising adventures ! babysitter and kids leave their safe suburban surroundings and head for the heart of the big city never imagining how terrifyingly funny their expedition will become !
two unpopular teenagers gary wallace and wyatt donnelly fail at all attempts to be accepted by their peers . their desperation to be liked leads them to "create" a woman via their computer . their living and breathing creation is a gorgeous woman lisa whose purpose is to boost their confidence level by putting them into situations which require gary and wyatt to act like men . on their road to becoming accepted they encounter many hilarious obstacles which gives the movie an overall sense of silliness .
a doctor finds out that he can understand what animals are saying . and the animals find out that he understands .
brilliant and obese scientist sherman klump invents a miraculous weight -loss solution . after a date with chemistry student carla purty goes badly a depressed klump tries the solution on himself . though he instantly loses pounds the side effects include a second personality : an obnoxiously self -assertive braggart who calls himself buddy love . buddy proves to be more popular than sherman but his arrogance and bad behavior quickly spiral out of control .
based on the beloved children 's novel by e .b. white a young girl named fern rescues a runty piglet raises it as her own and names him wilbur . however after wilbur grows into a pig she is compelled to sell him to her uncle homer zuckerman down the street . at zuckerman 's barn wilbur meets a host of animals and later learns from them that come winter he will be slaughtered for food . fearing for his life charlotte a gentle and wise spider whom befriended the lonely wilbur vows to save his life .
based upon richard adam 's novel of the same title this animated feature delves into the surprisingly violent world of a warren of rabbits as they seek to establish a new colony free of tyranny and human intervention . frightening and bloody in some scenes . not recommended for young children .
mrs . brisby a widowed mouse lives in a cinder block with her children on the fitzgibbon farm . she is preparing to move her family out of the field they live in as plowing time approaches however her son timothy has fallen ill and moving him could prove fatal . mrs . brisby visits the great owl a wise creature who advises her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm . upon visiting the rats brisby meets nicodemus the wise and mystical leader of the rats and justin a friendly rat who immediately becomes attached to mrs . brisby . while there she learns that her late husband mr . jonathon brisby along with the rats was a part of a series of experiments at a place known only as n .i.m.h. (revealed earlier in the story as the national institute of mental health ). the experiments performed on the mice and rats there boosted their intelligence allowing them to read without being taught and to understand things such as complex mechanics and electricity . the rats and mr . brisby escaped from n .i.m.h. and came to live on the fitzgibbon farm . the rats created a home for themselves under mrs . fitzgibbon 's rose bush creating an elaborate habitation of beautiful chambers elevators and christmas lights . however the rats are unhappy in their dependence on the humans who they are stealing electricity from and have concocted a plan to leave the farm and live independently . because of her husband 's prior relationship with the rats they agree to help mrs . brisby move her home out of the path of the plow . however the evil jenner and his unwilling accomplice sullivan who wish to remain beneath the rose bush yet plot to kill nicodemus during the move .
another planet another time . years ago the mysterious dark crystal was damaged by one of the urskeks and an age of chaos has began ! the evil race of grotesque birdlike lizards the skeksis gnomish dragons who rule their fantastic planet with an iron claw . meanwhile the orphan jen raised in solitude by a race of the peace -loving wizards called the mystics embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of the dark crystal which gives the skesis their power and restore the balance of the universe .
fievel is a young russian mouse separated from his parents on the way to america a land they think is without cats . when he arrives alone in the new world he keeps up hope searching for his family making new friends and running and dodging the cats he thought he 'd be rid off .
fievel is a young russian mouse separated from his parents on the way to america a land they think is without cats . when he arrives alone in the new world he keeps up hope searching for his family making new friends and running and dodging the cats he thought he 'd be rid off .
the true story of london 's most notorious gangsters twins reggie and ronnie kray . as the brothers rise through the criminal underworld ronnie advances the family business with violence and intimidation while reggie struggles to go legitimate for local girl frances shea . in and out of prison ronnie 's unpredictable tendencies and the slow disintegration of reggie 's marriage threaten to bring the brothers ' empire tumbling to the ground .
a girl 's "sweet" sixteenth birthday becomes anything but special as she suffers from every embarrassment possible .
a poor girl must choose between the affections of her doting childhood sweetheart and a rich but sensitive playboy .
a group of friends just out of college struggle with adulthood .
clan of the cave bear takes place years ago . it follows the life of ayla a cromagnon girl found by a clan neanderthals during their search for a new cave after a devastating earthquake . though ayla tries to become a good clan woman her differences both in the way she looks and thinks often clash with their traditions and laws .
the new owner of a sinister house gets involved with reanimated corpses and demons searching for an ancient aztec skull with magic powers .
a sho in the kalahari desert encounters technology for the first time --in the shape of a coke bottle . he takes it back to his people and they use it for many tasks . the people start to fight over it so he decides to return it to the god --where he thinks it came from . meanwhile we are introduced to a school teacher assigned to a small village a despotic revolutionary and a clumsy biologist .
xixo is back again . this time his children accidentally stow away on a fast -moving poachers ' truck unable to get off and xixo sets out to rescue them . along the way he encounters a couple of soldiers trying to capture each other and a pilot and passenger of a small plane who are each having a few problems of their own .
a young boy and a talented stray dog with an amazing basketball playing ability become instant friends . rebounding from his father 's accidental death -year-old josh framm moves with his family to the small town of fernfield washington . the new kid in town josh has no friends and is too shy to try out for the school basketball team . instead he prefers to practice alone on an abandoned court he befriends a runaway golden retriever named buddy . josh is amazed when he realizes that buddy loves basketball ...that is playing basketball ...and he is good ! josh eventually makes the school team and buddy is named the team mascot . josh and buddy become the stars of halftime . buddy 's half -time talent draws media attention . unfortunately when buddy 's mean former owner norm snively comes along with a scheme to cash in on the pup 's celebrity it looks like they are going to be separated .
stella is a highly successful forty -something san francisco stock broker who is persuaded by her colorful new york girlfriend delilah to take a well deserved first -class vacation to ...
vivian 's family are penniless nomads moving from one cheap flat to another in beverly hills so she and her brothers can attend the city 's schools . uncle mickey sends them money to survive . when mickey 's daughter rita runs away from an asylum vivian 's dad offers shelter to her if mickey will pay for a plush flat . vivian must babysit her adult cousin making sure she gets to nursing school and avoids pills and booze . but vivian has her own problems : she 's curious about sex likes an older neighbor kid has inherited her mother 's ample breasts and wants a family that doesn 't embarrass her . can she help rita keep uncle mickey happy and feel ok about her body and her family ?
henry a great concert pianist has his life thrown in turmoil the day the love of this life maria disappears mysteriously . he 'll then discover the inevitable verdict of life .
rosemary and guy woodhouse move into an apartment in an opulent but gothic building in manhattan . their landlord edward "hutch" hutchins attempts to dissuade them from doing so : the building has an unsavory history . they discover that their neighbors are a very friendly elderly couple named roman and minnie castevet and guy begins to spend a great deal of time with them . strange things begin to happen : a young woman rosemary meets in the laundry commits suicide rosemary has strange dreams and hears strange noises and guy becomes remote and distant . then rosemary falls pregnant and begins to suspect that her neighbors have special plans for her child .
a troubled boy dives into a wondrous fantasy world through the pages of a mysterious book .
once again bastian is transported to the world of fantasia which he recently managed to save from destruction . however the land is now being destroyed by an evil sorceress xayide so he must join up with atreyu and face the emptiness once more .
a group of scientists band together to save the world from mutated killer tomatoes .
when the son of a gun -wielding woman is murdered by neo -nazi surf punks in the post -apocalyptic future his mama hunts them down for some bloodthirsty revenge .
two friends must choose whether to help a third friend who was arrested in malaysia for drug possession .
a half -vampire half -mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race while slaying evil vampires .
young cuban rafael just buried his mother and comes to houston to meet his father john for the first time . the difficult part is that john doesn 't know he is rafael 's father . john runs a dance studio and everyone prepares for the world open dance championship in las vegas . it soon becomes clear rafael is a very good dancer and ruby is the biggest hope for the studio at the championship .
two college roommates go out and party resulting in bad grades . they learn of the clause that says "if your roommate dies you get an a " and decide to find someone who is on the verge so to speak to move in with them .
ryan harrison a violin god superstar and sex symbol does not want to cheat on sexy lauren goodhue 's husband with her . shortly after that mr . goodhue is found murdered and ryan suddenly finds himself being the main suspect . after being sentenced to death he manages to flee while being transferred to his execution site . now all the world is after him as he stumbles from one unfortunate incident to the next in order to find the real murderer .
an unlucky in love nurse finds her life taking a detour when her mother places a personals ad in the paper while on the other side of boston a plumber is trying to change careers .
a couple of recently deceased ghosts contract the services of a "bio-exorcist" in order to remove the obnoxious new owners of their house .
two young men strangle their "inferior" classmate hide his body in their apartment and invite his friends and family to a dinner party as a means to challenge the "perfection" of their crime .
lighthearted suspense film about a phony psychic /con artist and her taxi driver /private investigator boyfriend who encounter a pair of serial kidnappers while trailing a missing heir in california .
a serial murderer is strangling women with a necktie . the london police have a suspect but he is the wrong man .
professor michael armstrong is heading to stockholm to attend a physics conference accompanied by his assistant -fiance sarah sherman . once arrived however michael informs her that he may be staying for awhile and she should return home . she follows him and realizes he 's actually heading to east germany behind the iron curtain . she follows him there and is shocked when he announces that he 's defecting to the east after the us government canceled his research project . in fact michael is there to obtain information from a renowned east german scientist . once the information is obtained he and sarah now have to make their way back to the west .
marnie edgar is a habitual liar and a thief who gets jobs as a secretary and after a few months robs the firms in question usually of several thousand dollars . when she gets a job at rutland 's she also catches the eye of the handsome owner mark rutland . he prevents her from stealing and running off as is her usual pattern but also forces her to marry him . their honeymoon is a disaster and she cannot stand to have a man touch her and on their return home mark has a private detective look into her past . when he has the details of what happened in her childhood to make her what she is he arranges a confrontation with her mother realizing that reliving the terrible events that occurred in her childhood and bringing out those repressed memories is the only way to save her .
true story of an innocent man mistaken for a criminal .
a family vacationing in morocco accidentally stumble on to an assassination plot and the conspirators are determined to prevent them from interfering .
there is a dead well -dressed man in a meadow clearing in the hills above a small vermont town . captain albert wiles who stumbles across the body and finds by the man 's identification that his name is harry worp believes he accidentally shot harry dead while he was hunting rabbits . captain wiles wants to hide the body as he feels it is an easier way to deal with the situation than tell the authorities . while captain wiles is in the adjacent forest he sees other people stumble across harry most of whom don 't seem to know him or care or notice that he 's dead . one person who does see captain wiles there is spinster ivy gravely who vows to keep the captain 's secret about harry . captain wiles also secretly sees a young single mother jennifer rogers who is the one person who does seem to know harry and seems happy that he 's dead . later another person who stumbles across both harry and captain wiles is struggling artist sam marlowe to who captain wiles tells the entire story of what he has seen thus far . over the course of the day several revelations come to light that question if captain wiles actually killed harry . sam mrs . rogers captain wiles and miss gravely 's individual and collective actions in the matter of harry take into account friendship self -preservation the path of least resistance love and a lot of realizations about what their past actions will mean . their work may all be for naught if deputy sheriff calvin wiggs the closest thing to law enforcement in their town finds out about harry .
bruno anthony thinks he has the perfect plot to rid himself of his hated father and when he meets tennis player guy haines on a train he thinks he 's found the partner he needs to pull it off . his plan is relatively simple . two strangers each agree to kill someone the other person wants disposed of . for example guy could kill his father and he could get rid of guy 's wife miriam freeing him to marry anne morton the beautiful daughter of a u .s. senator . guy dismisses it all out of hand but bruno goes ahead with his half of the 'bargain' and disposes of miriam . when guy balks bruno makes it quite clear that he will plant evidence to implicate guy in her murder if he doesn 't get rid of his father . guy had also made some unfortunate statements about miriam after she had refused him a divorce . it all leads the police to believe guy is responsible for the murder forcing him to deal with bruno 's mad ravings .
jonathan cooper is wanted by the police who suspect him of killing his lover 's husband . his friend eve gill offers to hide him and jonathan explains to her that his lover actress charlotte inwood is the real murderer . eve decides to investigate for herself but when she meets the detective in charge of the case she starts to fall in love .
famous nyc nightclub seen and told through the eyes of a young employee .
a newlywed develops a strange lump on his neck that gives him the ability to transform people or objects at will . his wife is very upset . meanwhile the ceo of smilecorp learns of this man and his ability and sees a way to achieve world domination if only the man can be taken alive .
in the mid three women (each with an attorney ) arrive at the office of new york entertainment manager morris levy . one is a singer from los angeles formerly of the platters ; one is a petty thief from philadelphia ; one teaches high school in a small georgia town . each claims to be the widow of long -dead doo -wop singer -songwriter frankie lyman and each wants years of royalties due to his estate money levy has never shared . during an ensuing civil trial flashbacks tell the story of each one 's life with lyman a boyish high -pitched dynamic performer lost to heroin . slowly the three widows come together and establish their own bond .
gordon comstock is a copywriter at an ad agency and his girlfriend rosemary is a designer . gordon believes he is a genius a marvelous poet and quits the ad agency trying to live on his poems but poverty soon comes to him .
a reluctant dwarf must play a critical role in protecting a special baby from an evil queen .
mitch and sam have to come up with and fast ! the only problem is neither one can hold down a job . mitch finds a way to money by exploiting the only talents the two have by opening a "revenge for hire " business .
in lovely governess elisabeth agrees to bear a child of anonymous english landowner and he will in return pay her father 's debt . at birth she as agreed gives up the child . seven years later she is hired as governess to a girl on a remote sussex estate . the father of the girl charles godwin turns out to be that anonymous landowner . so elisabeth has to be her own daughter 's governess and she can 't reveal the secret of her tie with little louisa .
a young gentleman goes to australia where he reunites with his now married childhood sweetheart only to find out she has become an alcoholic and harbors dark secrets .
highly successful london barrister anthony keane takes on the case of italian maddalena paradine who is accused of poisoning her blind military hero husband . keane comes increasingly under her spell threatening both his marriage and his career .
in the atlantic during wwii a ship and a german u -boat are involved in a battle and both are sunk . the survivors from the ship gather in one of the boats . they are from a variety of backgrounds : an international journalist a rich businessman the radio operator a nurse a steward a sailor and an engineer with communist tendencies . trouble starts when they pull a man out of the water who turns out to be from the u -boat.
charlotte 'charlie' newton is bored with her quiet life at home with her parents and her younger sister . she wishes something exciting would happen and knows exactly what they need : a visit from her sophisticated and much traveled uncle charlie oakley her mother 's younger brother . imagine her delight when out of the blue they receive a telegram from uncle charlie announcing that he is coming to visit them for awhile . charlie oakley creates quite a stir and charms the ladies club as well as the bank president where his brother -in-law works . young charlie begins to notice some odd behavior on his part such as cutting out a story in the local paper about a man who marries and then murders rich widows . when two strangers appear asking questions about him she begins to imagine the worst about her dearly beloved uncle charlie .
los angeles aircraft worker barry kane evades arrest after he is unjustly accused of sabotage . following leads he travels across the country to new york trying to clear his name by exposing a gang of fascist -supporting saboteurs led by apparently respectable charles tobin . along the way he involves pat martin eventually preventing another major act of sabotage . they finally catch up with frank frye the man who actually committed the act of sabotage at the aircraft factory .
john and jane smith are a normal married couple living a normal life in a normal suburb working normal jobs ...well if you can call secretly being assassins "normal". but neither jane nor john knows about their spouse 's secret until they are surprised to find each other as targets ! but on their quest to kill each other they learn a lot more about each other than they ever did in five (or six ) years of marriage .
a shy young heiress marries a charming gentleman and soon begins to suspect he is planning to murder her .
set in cornwall where a young orphan mary is sent to live with aunt patience and uncle joss who are the landlords of the jamaica inn . mary soon realizes that her uncle 's inn is the base of a gang of ship wreckers who lure ships to their doom on the rocky coast . the girl starts fearing for her life .
passengers on a scheduled train out of the mountainous european country of mandrika are delayed by a day due to an avalanche and thus get up close and personal with each other out of necessity in the only and what becomes an overcrowded inn in the area . once the train departs the one person who it is uncertain is on the train is a middle aged english governess named miss froy . iris henderson who was vacationing in mandrika with girlfriends before heading back to england to get married is certain that miss froy was on the train as they were in the same compartment and they had tea together in the dining car but all those people who can corroborate her story don 't seem to want to do so . iris ' thoughts are easily dismissed as a possible concussion as iris was hit over the head just before boarding the train . iris will take anyone 's help in finding miss froy even that of an englishman named gilbert a musicologist with whom she had a not so pleasant encounter at the inn the evening before . as iris and gilbert go on their quest throughout the train they believe there is a conspiracy among many of the passengers against the validity of there being a miss froy . but if there is a conspiracy iris and gilbert still have to find miss froy and find out why anyone would want to kidnap a middle aged english governess .
an elite dea team raids the safe house of a drug cartel and hide million in the plumbing . when they go back to retrieve the money it is not there . the team is under investigation for the missing million . then after a couple months the investigation is lifted . the team trains together again and then celebrates at a strip club . then one of the team is murdered . he wakes us in his rv on railroad tracks . then a second team member is nailed to the ceiling . the third team member is gunned down at his remote cabin . there is a female city of atlanta investigator in charge of the murders . after investigating the cartel angle the twisted truth comes to light .
a family vacationing in morocco accidentally stumble on to an assassination plot and the conspirators are determined to prevent them from interfering .
a juror in a murder trial after voting to convict has second thoughts and begins to investigate on his own before the execution .
alice white is the daughter of a shopkeeper in 's london . her boyfriend frank webber is a scotland yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her . frank takes alice out one night but she has secretly arranged to meet another man . later that night alice agrees to go back to his flat to see his studio . the man has other ideas and as he tries to rape alice she defends herself and kills him with a bread knife . when the body is discovered frank is assigned to the case he quickly determines that alice is the killer but so has someone else and blackmail is threatened .
james riley is a young man looking for a new place to live . after hearing about an affordable room for rent in a high class suburb he decides to pay the landlord a surprise visit . however after meeting the peculiar secretive landlord and viewing the house he discovers something shocking but it 's too late for him to leave .
a young man is a reformed gambler who must return to playing big stakes poker to help a friend pay off loan sharks .
six different people each from a very different walk of life awaken to find themselves inside a giant cube with thousands of possible rooms . each has a skill that becomes clear when they must band together to get out : a cop a math whiz a building designer a doctor an escape master and a disabled man . each plays a part in their thrilling quest to find answers as to why they 've been imprisoned .
simon birch tells the story of joe and simon 's heart -warming journey of friendship . simon birch was born with a condition that makes him much smaller than all the other kids in town . now due to his condition simon thinks god made him this way for a reason and highly believes in god . together joe and simon go on a journey of trust and friendship to find the answers to many things . their friendship is put to the test when some unfortunate events happen .
the film follows the life of famous runner steve prefontaine from his youth days in oregon to the university of oregon where he worked with the legendary coach bill bowerman later to ...
the defense of honor a strong value in neapolitan society and his effects on the life of everyman pasquale frafuso .
amber is beautiful rich spoiled and arrogant beyond measure . nothing makes this woman happy including her wealthy but passive husband (tony) a pharmaceutical kingpin . when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no -frills vacation and takes out her anger on the ship 's first mate giuseppe . when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island however the tables suddenly turn ...
clifford peache is the new kid in lake view high school . faced with all the stress that role entails he makes his situation worse by insulting moody the leader of a group of toughs who extort lunch money from kids . these punks pretend to be bodyguards for the kids to protect them from linderman who it is rumored killed his brother in cold blood . clifford befriends the sullen linderman and hires him as his bodyguard . when moody ups the ante linderman must decide whether fighting for what he believes in with his haunted past and image is justified .
jonathan a naive country boy gets a scholarship to a classy prep school where he rooms with suave rich and handsome skip . skip decides it is his duty to see that jonathan loses his virginity so he sends jonathan to chicago where jonathan meets ellen a beautiful older woman and they be - gin an affair which ends abruptly when ellen discovers jonathan is . during christmas break jonathan visits skip 's house and discovers that ellen is skip 's mother . ellen tells jonathan to leave when he rejects her advances but then begins calling him and begging to see him . finally jonathan agrees to meet her and plans to end the affair but ellen seduces him --and that 's when skip who followed jonathan discovers them .
basket -case network news producer jane craig falls for new reporter tom grunnick a pretty boy who represents the trend towards entertainment news she despises . aaron altman a talented but plain correspondent carries an unrequited torch for jane . sparks fly between the three as the network prepares for big changes and both the news and jane must decide between style and substance .
daniel is a successful businessman living life to the full . after years of separation he meets thea in a passionate reunion . driven through the dark streets of copenhagen by the private chauffeur they relive their common past funny experiences the passion of youth and comic events . along the way their hopes for the future are unveiled and daniel feeling smothered by thea flees into the night and buries himself in the nightlife . greedily he consumes everything around him : money women champagne and the feelings of others . eventually his escapades exceeds all limits . the car and the silently observing driver becomes the sole stable element with a touch of warmth in the night .
tess mcgill is a frustrated secretary struggling to forge ahead in the world of big business in new york . she gets her chance when her boss breaks her leg on a skiing holiday . mcgill takes advantage of her absence to push ahead with her career . she teams up with investment broker jack trainer to work on a big deal . the situation is complicated after the return of her boss .
a british art expert travels across america in order to purchase a rare renoir painting in the south but comes across some crazy characters in the process .
an undercover fbi agent falls in love with a recently widowed mafia wife who is trying to restart her life following her husband 's murder while being pursued by a libidinous mafia kingpin seeking to claim her for himself .
high school senior lloyd dobler wants nothing more than to go out with beautiful and intelligent diane court . lloyd attempts to win her heart over the objections of her over -protective father before diane leaves for a scholarship in england .
the mobster vincent 'vinnie' antonelli is under the witness protection program and the fbi agent barney coopersmith is assigned to take vinnie and his wife linda to a house in the suburbs . however their wives leave vinnie and barney and the agent gets closer to the gangster and befriends him . vinnie is a bon vivant and a crook and does not keep the necessary low profile . the district attorney hannah stubbs arrests him but barney releases him from jail since he needs to testify against the mafia . soon barney falls in love with stubbs but vinnie gets into many troubles calling the attention of two hitmen from the mafia . the police officer crystal rybak protects him and they also falls in love with each other . in the end the good -hearted vinnie becomes a prominent personality in the suburbs .
a mother of two sons finds life considerably difficult on her own after the death of her beloved husband . due to debt she must move them to baltimore and deal with the hardships and all that comes with the city life .
a defense officer nameless was summoned by the king of qin regarding his success of terminating three warriors .
an eccentric toymaker 's last wish is that his brother takes over the running of the business . the brother is a military general and is out of touch with toymaking and out of touch with reality too . the business should really have been given to leslie who was much more like his toymaking father . when the general starts making weapons instead of toys leslie decides to take action .
partially deaf teenager carafotes becomes alienated when prevented from playing football because of his handicap . he must deal with his parents coach teammates his new girlfried and a bad crowd he almost falls into before confronting the school board .
an 'airplane'-style spoof of hospital soap operas : a brilliant young trainee can 't stand the sight of blood ; a doctor romances the head nurse in order to get the key to the drugs cabinet ; there 's a mafioso on the loose disguised as a woman - in other words all the usual ingredients present and correct though in this case the laughs are intentional .
paul dean has created a deadly parasite that is now attached to his stomach . he and his female companion patricia welles must find a way to destroy it while also trying to avoid ricus his rednecks and an evil government agent named merchant .
the years old amateur photographer charles accidentally takes a photo of laura - and falls in love with her when he develops the picture . he finds out that she works as singer in a bar but is about to be thrown out . although rejected at first by the years old he wants to help her and starts an ad campaign behind her back ... with unexpected results .
michael caine plays matthew hollis ; a man on holiday in rio with his best friend victor lyons (joseph bologna ). both men have teenage daughters with them . when caine falls for victor 's daughter jennifer (played by michelle johnson ) they embark on a secret if slightly one -sided relationship . victor is furious when he finds out about the 'older man ' in his daughter 's life and sets out to hunt him down with the aid of matthew !
unable to find work after a past felony graduate john wisdom and his girlfriend (moore) embark on a cross -country bank -robbing spree in order to aid american farmers (just call him robin hood ).
with a name like hoops mccann he 's bound to get that basketball scholarship after high school right ? wrong ! what hoops really wants to do is write and illustrate a love story . to help him find his way his friend george invites hoops to come with him and his sister to spend the summer on nantucket . the friends crazy summer begins when they pickup cassandra on the way --she's being chased by a motorcycle gang . from here on in it only gets crazier . once on the island hoops and george along with george 's island friends the stork twins and ack -ack (son of a marine ) must help cassandra save her grandfather 's house from the greedy beckersted family . along the way hoops must find a way to write his cartoon love story - and maybe a real one of his own .
danny and bernie are two single men living their lives on the wild side . but when danny meets debbie at a bar and the two start a relationship with a one night stand danny 's life takes a different turn . how does this passionate night become a full affair and what effect will this relationship have on both people and their friendship with their best mates ?
in haiti the sea and the life -form die ; in the middle east a town is frozen . these are signs of the apocalypse and the vatican is investigating but father lucci advises that these omens are hoax or technologically explained . in california the housewife abby quinn is pregnant and the delivery is scheduled to february in a leap year . her husband the lawyer russell quinn is defending a weird case of the teenager jimmy szaragosa that killed his parents telling that he was following the word of god . meanwhile abby rents a garage apartment to the mysterious david bannon . the hopeless abby has strange nightmares and soon she finds that around the world there are signs of the apocalypse in accordance with the book of revelation . she learns also that david bannon is jesus that has returned ; father lucci is the pilate 's porter cartaphilus that was doomed to wander on earth for the eternity ; and she is a woman that tried to help jesus . further she is the seventh sign and the apocalypse will happen when her baby is stillborn . what can she do to save her unborn son and mankind ?
two escaped cons only prayer to escape is to pass themselves off as priests and pass by the police blockade at the border into the safety of canada .
a financier [chevy chase ] meets a spurned lover [demi moore ] and agrees to take her to a business meeting . on the way there they run a stop sign in a tiny town in the middle of nowhere . they are arrested and taken to the local court . but all is not as it seems : the courthouse and the "prison" are a maze of zany booby - traps and deadly contraptions . the antics of the captured couple as they try to escape from the mad judge and his bizarre family make up the rest of this unusual film .
a clairvoyant thinks she 's met her husband to be because she 's seen him in her dreams . they marry quickly and return to the husband 's ("the butcher ") home in the city . she has a big ...
the hairdresser wife and mother cynthia kellogg is in police department being interrogated by the experienced detective john woods and his partner detective linda nealon . through flashbacks she reveals how her best friend and colleague joyce urbanski married the scum and nasty james urbanski ; how hard joyce 's life with james was ; and why joyce became a criminal . the smart detective finds some contradictions in her statement and presses cynthia trying to disclose the truth of two murders .
in this dramatic courtroom thriller lt daniel kaffee a navy lawyer who has never seen the inside of the courtroom defends two stubborn marines who have been accused of murdering a colleague . kaffee is known as being lazy and had arranged for a plea bargain . downey 's aunt ginny appoints cmdr . galloway to represent him . also on the legal staff is ltjg sam weinberg . the team rounds up many facts and kaffee is discovering that he is really cut out for trial work . the defense is originally based upon the fact that pfc santiago the victim was given a "code red ". santiago was basically a screw -up. at gitmo screw -ups aren 't tolerated . especially by col . nathan jessup . in cuba jessup and two senior officers try to give all the help they can but kaffee knows something 's fishy . in the conclusion of the film the fireworks are set off by a confrontation between jessup and kaffee .
a young couple very much in love are married and have started their respective careers she as a real estate broker he as an architect . she finds the perfect spot to build his dream house and they get loans to finance it . when the recession hits they stand to lose everything they own so they go to vegas to have one shot at winning the money they need . after losing at the tables they are approached by a millionaire who offers them a million dollars for a night with the wife . though the couple agrees that this is a way out of their financial dilemma it threatens to destroy their relationship .
when a tough new yorker 's mother is stricken with a serious illness she is forced to quit her job and her relationship with her boyfriend to take care of her finding out a lot of things she didn 't know about her mother and father and her life along the way .
cultures clash and tempers flares as the two cops named detective inspector lee a hong kong detective and detective james carter fbi a big -mouthed work -alone los angeles cop who are from different worlds discovers one thing in common : they can 't stand each other . with time running out they must join forces to catch the criminals and save the eleven -year-old chinese girl of the chinese consul named soo yung .
in the post -apocalyptic world of nevada a rock 'n' roll samurai takes a young boy under his protection .
this fictionalized story based on the family life of writer james jones is an emotionless slice -of-life story . jones here is portrayed as bill willis a former war hero and now successful author who obviously drinks too much and is starting to experience health problems . living in france with his wife daughter and an adopted son the family travels an unconventional road that leaves all of them as outsiders to others . preaching a sexual freedom his daughter 's sexual acceptance begins at an early age and betrays her when the family moves to hanover in america . her sexuality is definitely not the normal for american teens and gives her a bad reputation and outcasts her . meanwhile her brooding brother struggles with his own inner turmoils about his early desertion in life . only within the tight knit confines of his family is he comfortable to even speak .
ronin is the japanese word used for samurai without a master . in this case the ronin are outcast specialists of every kind whose services are available to everyone - for money . dierdre (undoubtedly from ireland ) hires several ronin to form a team in order to retrieve an important suitcase from a man who is about to sell it to the russians . after the mission has been completed successfully the suitcase immediately gets switched by a member of the team who seems to work into his own pocket . the complex net of everyone tricking everyone begins to surface slowly and deadly ...
urban legend tells the story of a group of pretty college students at a remote new england university . the focus of the story is natalie a beautiful academically -gifted student at the fictional pendleton university . natalie and her friends are all involved in the folklore class being taught by professor wexler . wexler regales his class with urban legends which include pendleton 's own urban legend about a psych professor who murdered six students at stanley hall years ago . natalie is the first one to suspect there 's a killer on campus especially after she has ties to all of the victims . no one including her friends wexler dean adams and security guard of course believes her until it 's too late . now she finds that she and her friends are part of the killer 's ultimate urban legend .
clay (as in the title ) is a young man in a small town who witnesses his friend kill himself because of the ongoing affair that clay was having with the man 's wife . feeling guilty clay now resists the widow when she presses him to continue with their sexual affairs . clay befriends a troubling serial killer .
a talented young photographer who enjoys snapping photos of his satirical perverted baltimore neighborhood and his wacky family gets dragged into a world of pretentious artists from new york city and finds newfound fame .
the american artist couple port and kit moresby travel aimlessly through africa searching for new experiences that could give sense to their relationship . but the flight to distant regions only leads both deeper into despair .
the movie tells the story of the bandit queen phoolan devi who was sent to prison in and got free in . during five years she was prosecuted by the indian police and turned into a legend (like a modern robin hood ) by the indian press . although the press tended to make her the optimal hero with blue eyes dark hair being tall and beautiful she was in reality an average indian which makes it hard for the movie to fulfill the expectations of the audience and tell the truth at the same time . later in her lifeshe entered into the politics and was assassinated in .
in an indictment of the british public school system we follow mick and his mostly younger friends through a series of indignities and occasionally abuse as any fond feelings toward these schools are destroyed . when mick and his friends rebel violently the catch phrase "which side would you be on " becomes quite stark .
fu manchu 's birthday celebration is dampened when a hapless flunky spills fu 's age -regressing elixir vitae . fu sends his lackeys to round up ingredients for a new batch of elixir ...
the earliest atomic tests in new mexico cause common ants to mutate into giant man -eating monsters that threaten civilization .
a us research station antarctica early -winter . the base is suddenly buzzed and attacked by a helicopter from the nearby norwegian research station . they appeared to be trying to kill one of the dogs from the us base . having dealt with the threat the members of the us team fly to the norwegian base only to discover them all dead or missing . they do find the remains of a strange creature the norwegians burned . the americans take it to their base and deduce that it an alien life form . after a while it is apparent that the alien can take over and assimilate into other life forms including humans and can spread like a virus . this means that anyone at the base could be inhabited by the thing and tensions escalate .
most people would see it as a bonus to be sent a few days to the cte d 'azur to solve a smaller routine case but for the righteous extremely self -controlled and dull lawyer michael helge ...
while attending a retrospective of his work a filmmaker recalls his life and his loves : the inspirations for his films .
a gentle man with scissors for hands is brought into a new community after living in isolation .
a man suspects his girlfriend of being unfaithful . so he sends her a letter but than finds out that he was wrong . he has hours to stop the package prevent a disaster and fall in love ....
a rather neurotic ant tries to break from his totalitarian society while trying to win the affection of the princess he loves .
three people try to steal an artifact .
the roxbury guys steve and doug butabi want to get into the best club in town and also hope to open their own club . vivica a gold -digging supermodel and her friend cambi try to work the roxbury guys for their money only to find out the pair is broke .
after chris nielsen dies in a car accident he is guided through the afterlife by his spirit guide albert . his new world is beautiful and can be whatever chris imagines . even his children are there . but when his wife annie commits suicide and is sent to hell chris ignores albert 's warnings and journeys there to save her . upon arrival chris finds that rescuing annie will be more difficult than he 'd imagined .
down -on-his-luck theatrical producer max bialystock is forced to romance rich old ladies to finance his efforts . when timid accountant leo bloom reviews max 's accounting books the two hit upon a way to make a fortune by producing a sure -fire flop . the play which is to be their gold mine ? "springtime for hitler ."
bill gambini and stanley rothenstein are two friends from new york university who just received scholarships to ucla . they decide to drive through the south . once they arrive in alabama they stop at a local convenience store to pick up a few snacks . but no sooner than they leave the store they are arrested . they had thought that they were arrested for shoplifting but they were arrested for murder and robbery . worse they are facing execution for this crime . bill and stan do not have enough money for a lawyer so the good news is that bill has a lawyer in his family his cousin vincent laguardia gambini . the bad news is that vinny is an inexperienced lawyer who has not been at a trial . so vinny has to defend his clients and battle an uncompromising judge some tough locals and even his fiance mona lisa vito who just does not know when to shut up to prove his clients ' innocence . but he will soon realize that he is going to need help .
set against the backdrop of the nashville music scene the new drama revolves around a -year-old superstar rayna jaymes whose star begins fading . she is forced to team up with juliette barnes on tour in order to maintain her label 's support for her latest record whose sales have been underwhelming .
in the british painter francis bacon surprises a burglar and invites him to share his bed . the burglar a working class man named george dyer years bacon 's junior accepts . bacon finds dyer 's amorality and innocence attractive introducing him to his soho pals . in their sex life dyer dominates bacon is the masochist . dyer 's bouts with depression his drinking and pill popping and his satanic nightmares strain the relationship as does his pain with bacon 's casual infidelities . bacon paints talks with wit and as dyer spins out of control begins to find him tiresome . could bacon care less ?
slam tells the story of ray joshua an original gifted young mc trapped in a war -zone housing project known as dodge city . unable to find a job ray copes with the despair and poverty of ...
eddie murphy stars as an over -the-top television evangelist who finds a way to turn television home shopping into a religious experience and takes america by storm .
a detective tries to remain loyal to his partner and his best friend - a mobster .
a self -centered lawyer is sentenced to community service coaching a rag tag youth hockey team .
james is a new speech teacher at a school for the deaf . he falls for sarah a pupil who decided to stay on at the school rather than venture into the big bad world . she shuns him at first ...
john merrick (whose real name was joseph as this is based on a true story ) is an intelligent and friendly man but he is hated by his victorian -era english society because he is severely deformed . once he is discovered by a doctor however he is saved from his life in a freak show and he is treated like the human being that he really is .
based on the book by toni morrison in which a slave is visited by the spirit of her deceased daughter .
chucky the doll possessed by a serial killer discovers the perfect mate to kill and revive into the body of another doll .
the wry comic romantic tale follows the owens sisters sally and gillian as they struggle to use their hereditary gift for practical magic to overcome the obstacles in discovering true love .
a woman breaks up with her boyfriend he thinks it 's because he 's fat . a man is unable to tell her next door neighbor he finds her sexually attractive . an old couple wants to split up but they don 't want to get a divorce . a therapist masturbates to teen magazines . an year old kid is insecure about the fact that he hasn 't cum yet . office workers try to recall the face of a coworker who recently died . a woman is sure she has everything she could ever want . the lives of these individuals intertwine as they go about their lives in their own unique ways engaging in acts society as a whole might find disturbing in a desperate search for human connection .
neighborhood boy todd bowden (renfro) discovers that an old man living on his block named arthur denker (mackellan) is nazi war criminal . bowden confronts denker and offers him a deal : bowden will not go to the authorities if denker tells him stories of the concentration camps in wwii . denker agrees and bowden starts visiting him regularly . the more stories bowden hears the more it affects his personality .
two teenage siblings find themselves in a sitcom where their influence begins to profoundly change that complacent world .
a soldier is dumped on a waste disposal planet and lives among a community of crash survivors on the planet and takes it upon himself to defend his new home when genetic engineered soldiers are ordered to eliminate the crash survivors .
annie porter the woman who was held on a bus with a bomb attached to it that will go off if it slows down . she dated the cop who saved her but broke up with him because he was constantly putting his life in danger . she would then date a guy named alex who is also a cop but told her that he does a mundane assignment . but she eventually learns that he works for the same unit that the other guy worked for and is also addicted to danger . she wants to break up with but he surprises her with a cruise . she agrees to go . and he 's planning to propose to her . but when he notices another passenger act peculiar he can 't help but try to find out what 's up with him . he 's geiger a computer man who designed the ship 's systems who was fired . he then takes over the ship 's systems and sets it on a course that will send it into a tanker . alex tries to stop him .
in italy a carefree jewish book keeper named guido starts a fairy tale life by courting and marrying a lovely woman from a nearby city . guido and his wife have a son and live happily together until the occupation of italy by german forces . in an attempt to hold his family together and help his son survive the horrors of a jewish concentration camp guido imagines that the holocaust is a game and that the grand prize for winning is a tank .
joe young was a simple young man trying to spread the word of the book of mormon when he picked the wrong house to preach at ! the owner a porn director named maxxx orbison tells his henchmen to kill the guy at the door who interrupted their scene but joe fights off the guards with great skill which impresses maxxx so much that he offers joe the lead role in the movie he 's making at the moment : orgazmo which is about a sex superhero who fights crime with his orgazmorator and chodaboy his sidekick . joe against his beliefs takes the job so that he can pay for the wedding he plans for himself and his fiance whom he doesn 't tell about his risqu new acting job . however when the movie becomes an amazing hit just about everywhere and he finds out that ben (chodaboy) has created a real orgazmorator joe is in some serious hot water !
each episode of this tv series depicts a short strange tale ...with a twist ! with eerie stories vaguely reminiscent of 'the twilight zone ' viewers learn to appreciate that things are often not as they seem . the usual plot formula is comprised of an initial normal mundane situation that gradually begins to get off -kilter with suspense building up to the final chilling surprise conclusion .
the church has long known that vampires exist . however it is discovered that a group of vampires are searching for a powerful doom for mankind . the vatican then secretly enlists a team of vampire -hunters led by jack crow to hunt down and destroy the vampires before they find the crucifix .
a former neo -nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did .
twenty -four contestants compete in an endurance /sleep deprivation contest in order to win a brand new nissan hardbody truck . the last person to remain standing with his or her hand on the ...
judith nelson quit her medical studies to marry . years later her husband a physician divorces her to be with another doctor . deeply frustrated she now lives alone in her luxury ...
the story of james whale the director of frankenstein and the bride of frankenstein in the time period following the korean war . whale is homosexual and develops a friendship with his gardener an ex -marine.
a waterboy for a college football team discovers he has a unique tackling ability and becomes a member of the team .
this film details the ascension to the throne and the early reign of queen elizabeth the first as played by cate blanchett . the main focus is the endless attempts by her council to marry her off the catholic hatred of her and her romance with lord robert dudley .
in british journalist arthur stuart investigates the career of glam superstar brian slade who was heavily influenced in his early years by hard -living and rebellious american singer curt wild .
the murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens julie and ray who left him for dead as well as cause even more murder and mayhem this time at a posh island resort .
a college student experiences difficulty in getting home for christmas after being hazed by his friends . while struggling to get home in time for christmas he learns quite a bit about ...
death who takes the form of a young man asks a media mogul to act as a guide to teach him about life on earth and in the process he falls in love with his guide 's daughter .
bruce macdonald follows punk bank hard core logo on a harrowing last -gasp reunion tour throughout western canada . as magnetic lead -singer joe dick holds the whole magilla together through sheer force of will all the tensions and pitfalls of life on the road come bubbling to the surface .
a hardened convict and a younger prisoner escape from a brutal prison in the middle of winter only to find themselves on an out -of-control train with a female railway worker while being pursued by the vengeful head of security .
the story involves rose chismore 's youth . she flashes back and remembers her coming -of-age. her recollections are sometimes less than sweet particularly those of her troubled and alcoholic step -father. her memories of robin her first -love are much happier and she also recalls her colorful aunt starr -- who 's visit is fun but also detrimental to her family 's health . the setting of las vegas ' bomb testing is increasingly significant to the development of the story .
joanna eberhart a wildly succesful president of a tv network after a series of shocking events suffers a nervous breakdown and is moved by her milquetoast of a husband walter from manhattan to the chic upper -class and very modern planned community of stepford connecticut . once there she makes good friends with the ascerbic bobbie markowitz a jewish writer who 's also a recovering alcoholic . together they find out much to their growing stupor and -then horror that all the housewives in town are strangely blissful and somehow ... doomed . what is going on behind the closed doors of the stepford men 's association and the stepford day spa ? why is everything perfect here ? will it be too late for joanna and bobbie when they finally find out ?
charlie and his troublesome cousin paulie decide to steal in order to back a "sure thing " race horse that paulie has inside information on . the aftermath of the robbery gets them ...
morbid biographical story of sid vicious bassist with british punk group the sex pistols and his girlfriend nancy spungen . when the sex pistols break up after their fateful us tour ...
george after getting out of prison begins looking for a job but his time in prison has reduced his stature in the criminal underworld . the only job he can find is to be a driver for simone a beautiful high -priced call girl with whom he forms an at first grudging and then real affection . only simone 's playing a dangerous game and when george agrees to help her they both end up in a huge amount of trouble with mortwell the local kingpin .
a racist cop receives a heart transplant from a black lawyer he hates who returns as a ghost to ask the cop to help take down the men who murdered him .
rome . a woman cabiria is robbed and left to drown by her boyfriend giorgio . rescued she resumes her life and tries her best to find happiness in a cynical world . even when she thinks her struggles are over and she has found happiness and contentment things may not be what they seem .
a group of seven former college friends gather for a weekend reunion at a south carolina winter house after the funeral of one of their friends .
robert dean is a mild -mannered lawyer who works in washington d .c. he is on the trail of a kingpin named pintero . meanwhile a politician named thomas reynolds is negotiating with congressman phillip hammersley about a new surveillance system with satellites . but hammersley declines that is when reynolds had hammersley killed but this murder was caught on tape and this person was being chased by reynolds ' team of nsa agents the guy must ditch the tape so he plants it on dean (unbeknownst to dean ). then the nsa decides to get into dean 's life . that is when dean 's life began to fall apart all around him with his wife and job both gone . dean wants to find out what is going on . then he meets a man named "brill" who tells him that dean has something that the government wants . that is when dean and brill formulate a plan to get dean 's life back and turn the tables on reynolds .
tommy faces responsiblity when dil his new baby brother is born . as with all newborns the child becomes a bane to tommy and the rest of his gang . even phil and lil don 't like them . so they decide to return dil to where he came from the hospital . but they get lost along the way really lost and get into even more trouble with a circus . can they find their way home and can tommy and dil just get along ?
at an annually pace a huge colony of ants is forced to collect every piece of food that grows on their island for a group of menacing grasshoppers . but that all changes when a misfit inventor ant named flik accidentally knocks over the offering pile thus forcing the grasshoppers ' devious leader hopper to force the ants to redo their gathering of food . despite the fact that his friends don 't believe him and desperate to help save the colony flik volunteers to go out into the world and search for a group of 'warrior' bugs . instead what he got was a talented group of circus performers . but when the grasshoppers return and take control of the island flik must prove himself a true hero before it 's too late .
lee simon unsuccessful journalist and wanna -be novelist tries to get a foot into the door with celebrities . after divorcing his wife robin lee gets to meet a lot folks of the rich and / or beautiful partly through journalism partly because he has a script to offer . but life among those from out -of-this-world is hard and his putative success always results in defeat . meanwhile robin meets a very desirable tv -producer and takes the first steps in the world of celebrities herself .
dora a dour old woman works at a rio de janeiro central station writing letters for customers and mailing them . she hates customers and calls them 'trash'. josue is a -year-old boy who never met his father . his mother is sending letters to his father through dora . when she dies in a car accident dora takes josue and takes a trip with him to find his father .
the lucky winner of the national lottery is ned devine so taken by his good fortune that he now can 't be waked because he died from the shock of it ! news of the win spread quickly in the scenic little irish village of tully more but not the secret news of ned 's demise . with lottery officials closing in to confirm the prize claimed by the deceased devine ned 's closest friends scheme to keep the prize money close to home in memory of ned of course ! but as the plot twists humorously they learn it is hard is to keep such a secret in a small town .
sleaze queen divine lives in a caravan with her mad hippie son crackers and her -pound mother mama edie trying to rest quietly on their laurels as 'the filthiest people alive '. but competition is brewing in the form of connie and raymond marble who sell heroin to schoolchildren and kidnap and impregnate female hitchhikers selling the babies to lesbian couples . finally they challenge divine directly and battle commences ...
a psychiatrist tells two stories : one of a transvestite (glen or glenda ) the other of a pseudohermaphrodite (alan or anne ).
in the janjira nuclear plant was mysteriously destroyed with most hands lost including supervisor joe brody 's colleague and wife sandra . years later joe 's son ford a us navy ordnance disposal officer must go to japan to help his estranged father who obsessively searches for the truth of the incident . in doing so father and son discover the disaster 's secret cause on the wreck 's very grounds . this enables them to witness the reawakening of a terrible threat to all of humanity which is made all the worse with a second secret revival elsewhere . against this cataclysm the only hope for the world may be godzilla but the challenge for the king of the monsters will be great even as humanity struggles to understand the destructive ally they have .
a reporter investigates the disappearance of a ship . he finds the ship and discovers that all the hands have been killed by a giant sea louse except for one . the lone survivor then tells the reporter that the ship was attacked by godzilla (gojira). fearing a panic the japanese government then takes the survivor into custody to keep him from revealing that godzilla has returned . however a soviet nuclear submarine is destroyed and the situation puts them and the united states on the brink of nuclear war until the japanese decide to come clean and admit that it was godzilla . soon the japan and the rest of the world are on red alert as they wait for godzilla to begin his rampage anew .
a pharmaceutical company captures king kong and brings him to japan where he escapes from captivity and battles a recently released godzilla .
carl denham needs to finish his movie and has the perfect location ; skull island . but he still needs to find a leading lady . this 'soon-to-be-unfortunate' soul is ann darrow . no one knows what they will encounter on this island and why it is so mysterious but once they reach it they will soon find out . living on this hidden island is a giant gorilla and this beast now has ann is its grasps . carl and ann 's new love jack driscoll must travel through the jungle looking for kong and ann whilst avoiding all sorts of creatures and beasts . but carl has another plan in mind .
carl denham needs to finish his movie and has the perfect location ; skull island . but he still needs to find a leading lady . this 'soon-to-be-unfortunate' soul is ann darrow . no one knows what they will encounter on this island and why it is so mysterious but once they reach it they will soon find out . living on this hidden island is a giant gorilla and this beast now has ann is its grasps . carl and ann 's new love jack driscoll must travel through the jungle looking for kong and ann whilst avoiding all sorts of creatures and beasts . but carl has another plan in mind .
a giant ape king kong which was shot and fell off the world trade center tower appears to be alive but is in coma for years and desperately needs a blood transfusion in order to have an artificial heart implanted . suddenly in the rainforest another gigantic ape is found - this time a female . she is brought to the usa and the heart is successfully implanted . but then king kong having sensed the female ape breaks loose .
bored roberta spots a regular personal ad in the paper titled 'desperately seeking susan '. she heads off to new york following one of the ads and finds susan . when susan sells her jacket roberta - trying to emulate her mystery ad writer - buys the jacket and wears it . little does she know someon is looking for the jacket - and its owner ...
after the son of engineer bill markham is abducted by an aboriginal tribe on the edge of the rain forest the engineer spends the next years searching for him .
irwin m . "fletch" fletcher is a newspaper reporter being offered a large sum to off a cancerous millionaire but is on the run risking his job and finding clues when it 's clear the man is healthy .
fletch is a reporter for a los angeles newspaper but he acts more like a detective . when an obscure relative leaves him a louisiana mansion in his will fletch is naturally curious . arriving in louisiana events occur that make him suspect that all is not well and there is more to the property than he has been led to believe .
the tyrant gedren seeks the total power in a world of barbarism . she attacks and kills the keepers of a powerful talisman just before it is destroyed . gedren then uses the power of the talisman in her raid of the city hablac . red sonja sister of the keeper sets out with her magic sword to overthrow gedren . the talisman 's master kalidor follows to protect her . of course they fall in love - however red sonja 's power bases on the oath to never give herself to any man ...
when a japanese car company buys an american plant the american liaison must mediate the clash of work attitudes between the foreign management and native labor .
a young couple struggles to repair a hopelessly dilapidated house .
james bond has one more mission . bond returns from his travels in the ussr with a computer chip . this chip is capable of withstanding a nuclear electromagnetic pulse that would otherwise destroy a normal chip . the chip was created by zorin industries and bond heads off to investigate its owner max zorin . zorin may only seem like a innocent guilty man but is really planning to set off an earthquake in san andreas which will wipe out all of silicon valley . as well as zorin bond must also tackle may day and equally menacing companion of zorin whilst dragging stacy sutton along for the ride .
the space shuttle churchill is assigned to observe the halley 's comet under the command of col . tom carlsen . they see a strange form attached to the comet and carlsen goes with a team to investigate . they find three humanoid life forms in caskets and they bring them to the churchill . however earth loses contact with the shuttle and the space research center sends another spacecraft to search the churchill . they find the crew dead and the shuttle burnt and one rescue pod missing . they bring the humanoids to earth and soon dr . hans fallada and his team discover that the space girl is a sort of vampire and drains the life force from people transforming them into zombies . when the authorities find that col . tom carlsen has survived they summon him to explain what happened in the churchill . carlsen tells an incredible story about the three aliens and he teams up with col . colin caine trying to save mankind from the evil vampires from the space .
the year is and the mayoress has removed set personal criteria form the requirements to join the police force . no longer is sex weight height and orientation a factor . this now allows for an insurgence of people applying . the police academy series follows a select group of misfits in their quest to become police men and women . the first film of the series follows these misfits in their time at the police academy . the main focus is on a petty criminal called mahoney . mahoney is busted for criminal damage and as punishment is forced to go to police academy . mahoney initially feels that this isn 't the right place for him and he makes it his mission to be thrown out as he is not allowed to quit . as the classes go by and the training exercises are played out mahoney soon realizes that he is actually enjoying the academy and does want to become a police officer . we are also introduced to the gun maniac tackelberry the very tall hightower voluptuous callahan squeaky hooks human beat box and sound effects master jones and the ever confuzzled commandant lassard . this group become good friends and become the base for the rest of the series of films .
when a new gang moves into town it 's up to the screwball police team to stop them .
the alumni of commandant lassard 's police academy return to the school to train new recruits and prevent its closure .
a new batch of recruits arrives at police academy this time a group of civilian volunteers who have joined commandant lassard 's new citizens on patrol program . although the community relations project has strong governmental support a disgusted captain harris is determined to see it fail .
the old commandant lassard leader of the police academy goes to florida to receive an award . in the city arrives also the cynic captain harris who wants to take lassard 's job . ...
those bumbling cadets take to the streets when three inept goons successfully orchestrate a metropolitan crime wave .
gentle farmer arthur hoggett wins a piglet named babe at a county fair . narrowly escaping his fate as christmas dinner when farmer hoggett decides to show him at the next fair babe bonds with motherly border collie fly and discovers that he too can herd sheep . but will the other farm animals including fly 's jealous husband rex accept a pig who doesn 't conform to the farm 's social hierarchy ?
pregnant sally unknowingly falls for the stepson of the deceased father of her baby and has to deal with his homicidal family .
among his peers ' other talk -shows jerry 's is of the more passionate and of the more sensational . his topics range from bisexual affairs to rape . his guests sometimes get out of control and yell and scream at each other but they are more believable than some other talk -shows.
a group of friends head to las vegas for a bachelor party .. only things go wrong and a woman is killed . soon the bodies are piling up and the friends find themselves turning against one another as the coverup builds .
steam looks at promising encounters that turn awry when men find themselves in a steam room unable to find the door .
phoenix officeworker marion crane is fed up with the way life has treated her . she has to meet her lover sam in lunch breaks and they cannot get married because sam has to give most of his money away in alimony . one friday marion is trusted to bank by her employer . seeing the opportunity to take the money and start a new life marion leaves town and heads towards sam 's california store . tired after the long drive and caught in a storm she gets off the main highway and pulls into the bates motel . the motel is managed by a quiet young man called norman who seems to be dominated by his mother .
the pathetically shy lv lives the life of a recluse listening to her late father 's old records in her room and in the process driving her abusive loud -mouthed mother mari hoff to distraction . at night however when her father 's ghost visits lv sings the songs of the great divas such as judy garland marilyn monroe and shirley bassey . one evening lv is overheard by one of her mother 's loathsome boyfriends the disastrous dead -end talent scout ray say who recognizes her innate talent and realizes this is his last big chance for the glittering prizes . gambling everything ray say forces lv to appear at a local run -down seedy night club run by mr . boo . as preparations for the big event proceed apace lv meets the equally shy billy a pigeon -racing telephone engineer and they form a tentative gentle friendship . the big night finally arrives and everything is in readiness the band the club and even a big agent from london but what about lv ?
three diverse characters for the most part intellectually challenged find a deserted plane with a bag full of millions of dollars inside . they devise a simple plan to keep the money if no -one claims it . ofcourse nothing turns out simple ...
a father who can 't keep his promises dies in a car accident . one year later he returns as a snowman who has the final chance to put things right with his son before he is gone forever .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
an egyptian prince learns of his identity as a hebrew and later his destiny to become the chosen deliverer of his people .
max fischer is a precocious -year-old whose reason for living is his attendance at rushmore a private school where he 's not doing well in any of his classes but where he 's the king of extracurricular activities - from being in the beekeeping society to writing and producing plays there 's very little after school he doesn 't do . his life begins to change however when he finds out he 's on academic probation and when he stumbles into love with miss cross a pretty teacher of the elementary school at rushmore . added to the mix is his friendship with herman blume wealthy industrialist and father to boys who attend the school and who also finds himself attracted to miss cross . max 's fate becomes inextricably tied to this odd love triangle and how he sets about resolving it is the story in the film .
a young shakespeare out of ideas and short of cash meets his ideal woman and is inspired to write one of his most famous plays .
a popular connecticut priest shields a seminary rebel from the wrath of a stern monsignor .
at the macy 's department store thanksgiving day parade the actor playing santa is discovered to be drunk by a whiskered old man . doris walker the no nonsense special events director persuades the old man to take his place . the old man proves to be a sensation and is quickly recruited to be the store santa at the main macy 's outlet . while he is successful ms . walker learns that he calls himself kris kringle and he claims to be the actual santa claus . despite reassurances by kringle 's doctor that he is harmless doris still has misgivings especially when she has cynically trained herself and especially her daughter susan to reject all notions of belief and fantasy . and yet people especially susan begin to notice there is something special about kris and his determination to advance the true spirit of christmas amidst the rampant commercialism around him and succeeding in improbable ways . when a raucous conflict with the store 's cruelly incompetent psychologist erupts kris finds himself held at bellevue where in despair he deliberately fails a mental examination to ensure his commitment . all seems lost until doris ' friend fred gaily reassures kris of his worth and agrees to represent him in the fight to secure his release . to achieve that fred arranges a formal hearing in which he argues that kris is sane because he is in fact santa claus . what ensues is a bizarre hearing in which people 's beliefs are reexamined and put to the test but even so it 's going to take a miracle for kris to win .
a peasant woodcutter becomes santa claus and later foils an evil toy manufacturer 's scheme to take over christmas .
jessica the daughter of an impoverished farmer still believes in santa claus . so when she comes across a reindeer with an injured leg it makes perfect sense to her to assume that it is prancer who had fallen from a christmas display in town . she hides him in her barn and feeds him cookies until she can return him to santa . her father finds him and decides to sell him to the butcher not for venison chops but as an advertising display .
a gold mining camp in the california foothills is besieged by a neighboring landowner intent on stealing their claims . a preacher rides into camp and uses all of his powers of persuasion to convince the landowner to give up his attacks on the miners .
vietnam veteran john rambo has survived many harrowing ordeals in his lifetime and has since withdrawn into a simple and secluded existence in thailand where he spends his time capturing snakes for local entertainers and chauffeuring locals in his old pt boat . even though he is looking to avoid trouble trouble has a way of finding him : a group of christian human rights missionaries led by michael burnett and sarah miller approach rambo with the desire to rent his boat to travel up the river to burma . for over fifty years burma has been a war zone . the karen people of the region who consist of peasants and farmers have endured brutally oppressive rule from the murderous burmese military and have been struggling for survival every single day . after some inner contemplation rambo accepts the offer and takes michael sarah and the rest of the missionaries up the river . when the missionaries finally arrive at the karen village they find themselves part of a raid by the sadistic major pa tee tint and a slew of burmese army men . a portion of the villagers and missionaries are tortured and viciously murdered while tint and his men hold the remainder captive . concerned by their disappearance the minister in charge of the mission gathers a group of mercenaries and pleas rambo transport them with his boat since he knows their last exact location . but rambo can 't stay behind : he joins the team where he belongs to liberate the survivors from the clutches of major tint in what may be one of his deadliest missions ever
john j . rambo is a former united states special forces soldier who fought in vietnam and won the congressional medal of honor but his time in vietnam still haunts him . as he came to hope washington to visit a friend he was guided out of town by the sheriff william teasel who insults rambo but what teasel does not know that his insult angered rambo to the point where rambo became violent and was arrested . as he was at the county jail being cleaned he escapes and goes on a rampage through the forest to try to escape from the sheriffs who want to kill him . then as rambo 's commanding officer colonel samuel trautman tries to save both the sheriff 's department and rambo before the situation gets out of hand .
when his friend colonel trautman is captured by soviets during a mission in afghanistan john rambo sets out to rescue him while taking on the brutal tyrant and his army who rule that region .
this is the sequel to "romancing the stone " where jack and joan have their yacht and easy life but are gradually getting bored with each other and this way of life . joan accepts an invitation to go to some middle eastern country as a guest of the sheik but there she is abducted and finds her - self involved with the "jewel". jack decides to rescue her with his new partner ralph . they all go from one adventure to another ... what is the story of this "jewel"?
joan wilder a mousy romance novelist receives a treasure map in the mail from her recently murdered brother -in-law. meanwhile her sister elaine is kidnapped in colombia and the two criminals responsible demand that she travel to colombia to exchange the map for her sister . joan does and quickly becomes lost in the jungle after being waylayed by zolo a vicious and corrupt colombian cop who will stop at nothing to obtain the map . there she meets an irreverent soldier -of-fortune named jack colton who agrees to bring her back to civilization . together they embark upon an adventure that could be straight out of joan 's novels .
a group of aliens return to earth to retrieve cocoons containing the people they 'd left behind from an earlier trip . these cocoons had been resting at the bottom of the ocean . once retrieved they stored these recovered cocoons in the swimming pool of a house they 'd rented in a small florida town . their mission is hampered by a number of elderly people from a nearby retirement community who had been secretly using the pool and who discover unusual powers from within these cocoons .
a group of aliens return to earth to retrieve cocoons containing the people they 'd left behind from an earlier trip . these cocoons had been resting at the bottom of the ocean . once retrieved they stored these recovered cocoons in the swimming pool of a house they 'd rented in a small florida town . their mission is hampered by a number of elderly people from a nearby retirement community who had been secretly using the pool and who discover unusual powers from within these cocoons .
rocky struggles in family life after his bout with apollo creed while the embarrassed champ insistently goads him to accept a challenge for a rematch .
three years and successful title defenses after beating apollo creed with whom he has become great friends a now wealthy rocky balboa is considering retirement . fame and complacency soon cause balboa to lose his title to clubber lang who inadvertently causes the death of rocky 's trainer mickey . rocky sinks into a depression and apollo decides to train rocky for a rematch against lang so rocky can try to win the title back .
after iron man drago a highly intimidating -pound soviet athlete kills apollo creed in an exhibition match rocky comes to the heart of russia for pile -driving boxing rounds of revenge .
reluctantly retired from boxing and back from riches to rags rocky takes on a new protege who betrays him ; as the champ 's son must adjust to his family 's new life after bankruptcy .
clue is a movie about guests a butler and a maid who are all involved in the murders of people . the guests all meet at hill house where you learn that professor plum works in d .c. where everyone else lives . colonel mustard is a client of miss scarlet who is the ex -employer of yvette the maid who had an affair with the husband of mrs . white etc . when mr . boddy who is blackmailing each guest gives the guests each a weapon he tells them they should kill wadsworth the butler to avoid being exposed . with mrs . peacock 's craziness and mr . green 's clumsiness the whole group finds themselves tangled in a web of murder lies and hilarity .
sherlock holmes and dr . watson meet as boys in an english boarding school . holmes is known for his deductive ability even as a youth amazing his classmates with his abilities . when they discover a plot to murder a series of british business men by an egyptian cult they move to stop it .
after fifteen years of traveling around the world gussie (spacek) a famous photographer returns to the maryland coastal resort where she grew up . she meets her high school sweetheart henry (kline) now married and running the local newspaper he 's inherited from his father . an awkward and tension -filled romance ensues .
millionaire businessman thornton melon is upset when his son jason announces that he is not sure about going to college . thornton insists that college is the best thing he never had for himself and to prove his point he agrees to enroll in school along with his son . thornton is a big hit on campus : always throwing the biggest parties knowing all the right people but is this the way to pass college ?
an autobiographical look at the breakup of ephron 's marriage to carl "all the president 's men " bernstein that was also a best -selling novel . the ephron character rachel is a food writer at a new york magazine who meets washington columnist mark at a wedding and ends up falling in love with him despite her reservations about marriage . they buy a house have a daughter and rachel thinks they are living happily ever after until she discovers that mark is having an affair while she is waddling around with a second pregnancy .
a highly successful tv executive decides to put his job on hold after getting an update from his father that he and his wife are divorced and decides to extend his break after revealing that his father is a diabetic .
a woman takes revenge on the man who invades her home and tries to rape her .
though eddie 's fired right at christmastime his boss sends him and his family on a south pacific vacation hoping eddie won 't sue him after being bitten by a lab monkey . when the tuttle family winds up trapped on a tropical island however eddie manages to provide for everyone and prove himself a real man .
the owner of a large bookstore chain starts putting the owner of a small local bookstore out of business . meanwhile they have been corresponding over the internet without knowing who either of them are . they can 't stand each other in person but over the internet they are very attracted . he finds out who she is but she doesn 't know . he starts to like her more but she still hates him . he has to fix it .
johnnie loves his train ("the general ") and annabelle lee . when the civil war begins he is turned down for service because he 's more valuable as an engineer . annabelle thinks it 's because he 's a coward . union spies capture the general with annabelle on board . johnnie must rescue both his loves .
an in -depth comedic look at the daily life of plattsmouth high all recorded from the student 's perspective .
the baby gorilla left in her care grows up to become a hugely tall and broad specimen by the name of joe living in the mountains as a mostly unseen legend among people who live there . along comes an eco -minded emissary from a california sanctuary who talks the jungle girl into providing safe haven for joe at the l .a. facility . the transition is not without discomfort but everything is aggravated via a conspiracy of poachers to get joe into their own greedy hands !
the baby gorilla left in her care grows up to become a hugely tall and broad specimen by the name of joe living in the mountains as a mostly unseen legend among people who live there . along comes an eco -minded emissary from a california sanctuary who talks the jungle girl into providing safe haven for joe at the l .a. facility . the transition is not without discomfort but everything is aggravated via a conspiracy of poachers to get joe into their own greedy hands !
patch adams is determined to become a medical doctor because he enjoys helping people . unfortunately the medical and scientific community does not appreciate his methods of healing the sick while the actual patients medical professors and hospital nurses all appreciate the work *he* can do because they are unable to do it .
anna and ben the two children of jackie and luke have to cope with the fact that their parents divorced and that there is a new woman in their father 's life : isabel a successful photographer . she does her best to treat the kids in a way that makes them still feel at home when being with their dad but also loves her work and does not plan to give it up . but jackie a full -time mother regards isabel 's efforts as offensively insufficient . she can 't understand that work can be important to her as well as the kids . the conflict between them is deepened by the sudden diagnose of cancer which might may be deadly for jackie . they all have to learn a little in order to grow together .
jan schlichtmann a tenacious lawyer is addressed by a group of families . when investigating the seemingly non -profiting case he finds it to be a major environmental issue that has a lot of impact potential . a leather production company could be responsible for several deadly cases of leukemia but also is the main employer for the area . schlichtmann and his three colleagues set out to have the company forced to decontaminate the affected areas and of course to sue for a major sum of compensation . but the lawyers of the leather company 's mother company are not easy to get to and soon schlichtmann and his friends find themselves in a battle of mere survival .
rosa lynn sends her druggie daughter loretta and her children thomas and tracy away from the big city to live with their uncle earl in the ancestral home in rural mississippi . earl puts ...
hollywood movers and shakers dissect their own personal lives when everything seems to clash together .
in a group of elderly british women whom the italians have named the scorpioni have chosen italy specifically florence as a place to live to blend their proper british sensibilities with their love of italian art and culture . one of those scorpioni mary walsh works as the english secretary for paolo innocente who in part because of his own wife 's adamant refusal largely neglects his illegitimate adolescent son luca despite paolo 's want for luca to grow up to be a proper young man much like the english . luca has lived in an orphanage since his dressmaker mother 's death death a concept that luca does not yet understand . as such he often runs away looking for his mother . on a mutual agreement between paolo and mary mary becomes luca 's guardian she who will receive help in raising luca by her fellow scorpioni and financial help from paolo as needed . associated with the scorpioni is a brash younger nouveau riche jewish -american woman named elsa morgenthal who because of her affection for luca 's mother to who she owed money sets up a trust for luca 's future . among the scorpioni lady hester random the widow of the former ambassador to italy in particular and elsa do not get along because of their fundamental outward differences . the life for the scorpioni changes with the onset of wwii more specifically when italy declares war on britain and france . despite all of the scorpioni taken into custody of sorts by the italians they are eventually housed in the comforts of a hotel . lady hester wrongly believes it is her association with mussolini that has gotten them into their comfortable surroundings but which in reality was arranged and paid for by elsa . luca who has just returned to italy after attending school in austria helps elsa with her efforts to assist those persecuted in italy . luca now a teenager has fallen in love with elsa . as such luca is jealous of elsa 's professional and personal relationship with italian lawyer vittorio fanfanni . elsa 's own situation becomes more precarious with the united states ' entrance into the war the nazis ' increasing persecution of jews and luca discovering that fanfanni has ulterior motives in his relationship with elsa . through it all mary still tries to be the voice of what is right to luca who may be tainted by his own immature teenaged thoughts during these difficult times .
the story of oscar wilde genius poet playwright and the first modern man . the self -realization of his homosexuality caused wilde enormous torment as he juggled marriage fatherhood and ...
a drama revolving around a group of strangers brought together by a common occurrence as well as listening to the same radio station .
wade whitehouse is a sheriff of a small new hampshire town who achieved nothing in life in the opinion of his ex -wife lillian and daughter jill and is a heavy drinker . his girlfriend margie accepts him the way he is . on the first day of the hunting season wade 's friend jack takes a wealthy businessman to hunt - and only jack returns alive . wade decides to play detective and starts investigating the case despite the fact jack insists it was an accidental self -inflicted shot .
in the hope of a big score two junkie couples team up to commit various drug robberies which go disastrously wrong leading to dissent violence and murder .
an intimate story of the enduring bond of friendship between two hard -living men set against a sweeping backdrop : the american west post -world war ii in its twilight . pete and big boy ...
the tragic story of world renowned classic cellist jacqueline du pr as told from the point of view of her sister flautist hilary du pr -finzi.
eleven articulate people work through affairs of the heart in l .a. paul produces hannah 's tv cooking show and they must move beyond gentle barbs when she wants to know about an affair of his years ago . mark is dying of aids and his mother comes to his bedside : they must talk truthfully . men have scalded meredith so she rebuffs trent 's charm but he persists . the trendy prolix joan tries to pull the solitary keenan into her orbit : why is he reluctant ? an adulterous couple meet at hotels for evening sex but she is unwilling for the relationship to grow . hugh tells tall tales usually tragic to women in bars . by the week 's end their parallel stories converge .
a driven manhattan architect amy relaxes at a resort and falls for the masseur virgil blind since age and assisted by his spinster sister . he helps amy hear and sense the world giving her new spirit and a burst of creativity . over the sister 's objections amy takes virgil to new york for new radical surgery . he regains his sight . he 's disoriented and must learn to process these new images . finding his place in a seeing world strains his relation with amy ; his absent father wants to connect with him now that he can see ; then retinal disease threatens to undo the surgery . can love survive will he find his new place and his old tranquillity can amy accommodate limits ?
the housewife claire cooper is married with the pilot paul cooper and their little daughter rebecca is their pride and joy . when a stranger kidnaps a girl claire dreams about the man but ...
in small -town texas high school football is a religion . the head coach is deified as long as the team is winning and -year-old schoolboys carry the hopes of an entire community onto the gridiron every friday night . in his year as head coach bud kilmer (jon voight ) is trying to lead his west canaan coyotes to their division title . when star quarterback lance harbor (paul walker ) suffers an injury the coyotes are forced to regroup under the questionable leadership of john moxon (james van der beek ) a second -string quarterback with a slightly irreverent approach to the game . "varsity blues " explores our obsession with sports and how teenage athletes respond to the extraordinary pressures places on them .
when the crew of an american tugboat boards an abandoned russian research vessel the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed .
seven disgusting kids but nevertheless of interesting personality are being made of the green mud coming out of garbage can . once alive their master gives them rules to obey although they think that life is funnier without following stupid regulations like no television or no candy . naturally this will cause some conflicts .
a sarcastic humanoid duck is pulled from his homeworld to earth where he must stop an alien invader .
a gate appears in the middle of modern day tokyo which allows access to a fantasy world in a medieval setting .
an autistic boy who dreams of flying touches everyone he meets including a new family who has moved in after their father dies .
the camera follows a fly as it walks about the body of a nude woman . shot in extreme closeup (and accompanied by ono 's eponymous song ) the film sets out to celebrate the human body .
the camera follows a fly as it walks about the body of a nude woman . shot in extreme closeup (and accompanied by ono 's eponymous song ) the film sets out to celebrate the human body .
seth brundle was a renowned scientist whose warped experiments with teleportation transformed him into a man /fly hybrid called brundlefly . a few months after the brundlefly insect met its demise by his lover 's veronica shotgun she dies while giving birth to their son martin . seth 's corrupt employer bartok adopts martin only so martin can solve the new problems that the still -functioning telepods present and to use him as a science project because of the dormant insect genes . martin is now fully grown even though he is five and the fly genes begin to awaken and make him just like dear dead dad . with the help of his girlfriend beth they go to wherever they can find a possible cure before bartok finds them and brings them back but not before martin finishes his transformation into martinfly the deadliest of the brundlefly species .
a low -ranking thug is entrusted by his crime boss to dispose of a gun that killed corrupt cops but things get out of control when the gun ends up in wrong hands .
frank dooley (john candy ) a cop wrongly sacked for corruption teams up with a useless defense lawyer named herman kane (eugene levy ) in their new careers ... as security guards . when the two are made fall guys for a robbery at a location they are guarding the pair begin to investigate corruption within the company and their union . they soon make enemies of everyone but can the unlikely duo save the day ?
driving through the backwoods of texas five youths pick up a traumatized hitchhiker who shoots herself in their van . shaken by the suicide the group seeks help from the locals but their situation becomes even more surreal when they knock on the door of a remote homestead . it 's quickly apparent the residents are a family of inbred psychopaths and the unlucky youths suddenly find themselves running for their lives . in hot pursuit is a disfigured chainsaw -wielding cannibal known as leatherface .
radio dj vanita 'stretch' brock 's open request night is plagued by the annoying phone pranking of two road tripping party -hard hoodlums but things take a disturbing turn when the hoodlums meet their demise at the hands of familiar chainsaw wielding maniacs . with the entire gruesome ordeal recorded on tape stretch seeks out the help of a former texas marshall who 's on a personal quest of vengeance against this family of cannibals . while at first he turns her down he eventually decides to use her tape to his advantage asking her to air it during her request block - effectively baiting the cannibals to the radio station where he 'll personally deal with them .
a stunt -film. hero samar (jairaj) singlehandedly takes on the might of the oppressive state led by the warlord chief (m. zahoor ). he falls in love with the chief 's sister ila (mehtab) and fights his revolution from the tavern of dulari (shirin) with little more than a band of adventurers a leatherface mask his faithful dog tiger and horse bahadur .
driving through the backwoods of texas five youths pick up a traumatized hitchhiker who shoots herself in their van . shaken by the suicide the group seeks help from the locals but their situation becomes even more surreal when they knock on the door of a remote homestead . it 's quickly apparent the residents are a family of inbred psychopaths and the unlucky youths suddenly find themselves running for their lives . in hot pursuit is a disfigured chainsaw -wielding cannibal known as leatherface .
a couple cheated by a vile businessman kidnap his wife in retaliation without knowing that their enemy is delighted they did .
hard rock idol sammi curr burns to death in a hotel fire . his biggest fan lakeridge high school student and resident metal head eddie weinbauer is devastated by the news and turns to local radio dj "nuke" for emotional support . after a heated discussion about the deceased rock star nuke presents eddie with a rare demo record the last ever recorded by sammi and the only copy in existence . overwhelmed by nuke 's generosity eddie accepts the gift without hesitation unaware of it 's dark role in things to come . after constant humiliation and a near drowning at the hands of school bully tim hainy and his sports jock friends eddie becomes enraged and vows revenge on all those who have wronged him much to the dismay of love interest leslie and best friend roger . alone in his room with feelings of rage and retribution racing through his mind eddie places the new record onto his stereo and is shocked to discover that he can communicate with the deceased rock star when it is rotated backwards . playing upon both eddie 's loyalty and emotional vulnerability sammi instructs the teenager on how to get back at those who have caused him so much pain instructions that the easily manipulated eddie carries out prompting the usual 'underdog gets his own back ' results . at first it 's all fun and games as hainy and his cohorts get their just desserts but when hainy 's girlfriend is nearly killed by supernatural forces eddie realizes that he is nothing more than a pawn in a much more sinister plot and wants out . when eddie tries to destroy the record an evil version of sammi is resurrected (complete with supernatural powers ) and goes on a rampage at the high school halloween dance turning eddie 's involvement with the devilish rock star into a spine tingling nightmare not only for the young headbanger but for his school and hometown as well . can eddie stop the demonic sammi before he sends the entire town straight to hell ? one thing 's for sure the teenagers of lakeridge high are in for a halloween they 'll never forget .
after his friend is killed by her abusive father the new kid in town attempts to save her by implanting robotic microchips into her brain .
a master criminal needs to test the depths of his immorality by choosing the woman he loves as his next victim .
terry works for a bank and uses computers to communicate with clients all over the world . one day she gets a coded message from an unknown source . after decoding the message terry becomes embroiled in an espionage ring . people are killed and terry is chased . throughout she remains in contact with this unknown person who needs terry to help save his life .
peggy sue faints at a high school reunion . when she wakes up she finds herself in her own past just before she finished school .
an american reporter goes to the australian outback to meet an eccentric crocodile poacher and invites him to new york city .
australian outback expert protects his new york love from gangsters who 've followed her down under .
harry and archie are released from prison ready to collect their social security . how could they get into trouble at their age ? let 's count the ways ; a parole officer who is a famous criminal groupie dead end where people don 't know they are dealing with dangerous though older criminals a hit man who can barely see but who still has an outstanding contract on them . does anyone still rob trains ?
to achieve his dream of attending harvard a pampered teen poses as a young black man to receive a full scholarship .
pool hustler fast eddie felson finds the young promising pool player vincent in a local bar and he sees in him a younger version of himself . to try and make it as in the old days eddie offers to teach vincent how to be a hustler . after some hesitations vincent accepts and eddie takes him and vincent 's girlfriend carmen on a tour through the country to work the pool halls . however vincent 's tendency to show off his talent and by doing so warning off the players and losing money soon leads to a confrontation with eddie .
harry mitchell an l .a. manufacturer with a fancy car a nice house and a wife running for city council has his life overturned when three masked blackmailers appear with a video tape of harry and his young mistress . he 's been set up and they want to protect his wife 's political ambitions harry won 't go to the police ; instead he shines them on and then doesn 't pay . they up their demands so he goes on the offensive tracking them down and trying to turn one against the other . their sociopathic leader alan responds with violence toward the mistress and menace toward harry 's wife . will harry let up and pay off alan or can he find some other solution ?
a hard -nosed hard -living marine gunnery sergeant clashes with his superiors and his ex -wife as he takes command of a spoiled recon platoon with a bad attitude .
three actors accept an invitation to a mexican village to perform their onscreen bandit fighter roles unaware that it is the real thing .
a story set in santiago and centered on gloria a free -spirited older woman and the realities of her whirlwind relationship with a former naval officer whom she meets out in the clubs .
two thirtysomethings unemployed former alcoholic joe and community health worker sarah start a romantic relationship in the one of the toughest glasgow neighbourhoods .
strange fruit had everything that makes a legendary rockband : money fame success groupies a singer who died of drugs and even a divine ending when lightning struck the stage during an open -air. twenty years later all band members are minding their own businesses the idea of a band reunion is brought up by well public request . tony the former keyboard player sets out only to find his former friends working as a roofer a gardener and a hotel clerk . they all became rather everyday people married or still single they definitely are not wild and crazy anymore . but with the help of former manager karen who is still dreaming of brian the apparently deceased lead guitarist they all old fat and wrinkled as they are try to catch that spirit again .
she 's all that is your typical high school prom king and queen story and the run in defending the star status in the upcoming election . high school hottie zack siler is dumped by his prom -queen girlfriend the equally attractive and extremely popular taylor vaughan who fell for a second -hand world reject tv soap star who she met over the spring break . having been publicly dumped zack defends his discomposure by stating that taylor is all make -up and wonder -bra and he can make any ordinary girl a prom queen with a similar package . his high -school buddy dean sampson engages him in a bet following this statement and picks the geeky looking laney boggs out of the crowd as the girl zack must transform into the new prom queen . zack agrees since he has no option but as time passes and laney begins to transform zack begins to find her attractive . while all that falls beautifully in place it 's not your typical fairy -tale. throw in dean sampson to complicate the situation as when he first made the bet he never thought that zack could rise to the challenge but looking at how laney has transformed it looks like zack could be on a winning streak .
grace tries to be the perfect mother and tv producer but finds trouble in juggling both .
a story following archer a man tortured by his roots . with a strong survival instinct he has made himself a key player in the business of conflict diamonds . political unrest is rampant in sierra leone as people fight tooth for tooth . upon meeting solomon and the beautiful maddy archer 's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with the war around him .
a young man murders women using a movie camera to film their dying expressions of terror .
porter is bad but his neighbours are worse . street -wise and tough an ex -marine he is betrayed by a one -time partner and shot in the back by his junkie wife . he survives and returns looking to recover his share from the robbery of an asian crime gang . the money has passed into the hands of "the outfit " a slick gangster organisation that runs the city . he has to make his way through a world populated by heroin dealers prostitutes sado -masochists gunmen and crooked cops a place where torture is a way of life . his only friend is a former employer a prostitute and her loyalty is in question given she now works for the outfit . he makes good early progress but then falls into the hands of fairfax the crime boss .
a department store executive (flanery) tries to resist falling in love with a young woman (gellar) who he believes has possessed magical powers after inheriting a restaurant .
myles is divorced in l .a. he wants a love life and a film career . so he decides to go on dates and find true love in front of a camera making his first feature . his patient agent richard finds a investor the shadowy elie . myles starts his search sometimes telling his date she 's being filmed sometimes not . elie wants sex and titillation myles wants it "real." myles regularly talks with his old film teacher robert mckee who wonders if love is possible in modern life . half -way through the dates myles meets elisabeth ; she 's everything he desires and she likes him . can he finish the dates satisfy elie and complete his film without losing elisabeth ?
comedian harmonists tells the story of a famous german male sextet five vocals and piano the "comedian harmonists " from the day they meet first in to the day in when they become banned by the upcoming nazis because three of them are jewish .
a seattle musician 's life and career are reminiscent to those of kurt cobain .
this futuristic story takes place on a faraway planet where blue giants rule and oppressed humanoids rebel against the machine -like leaders .
adam weber is the child of an eccentric inventor and his wife . following a bomb scare in the that locked the webers in their bomb shelter for years adam weber must venture out into los angeles and obtain food and supplies for his family . he meets eve who reluctantly agrees to help him out .
a woman discovers a tragic love letter in a bottle on a beach and is determined to track down its author .
a martian lands on earth and makes friends with a reporter .
julia sweeney tells the viewers the monologue about the hard time in her life when her brother fought with cancer and she was also diagnosed with a rare form of cancer .
in what was meant as a harmless birthday prank three of reagan high school 's most popular girls julie marcie and courtney pretend to kidnap their friend the latter shoving a jawbreaker into the victim 's mouth to keep her from screaming . their plan goes awry when the girl accidentally swallows the jawbreaker choking to death . the cool and calculating courtney tries to cover the crime but is found out by school geek fern mayo . in return for her silence courtney transforms the gawky fern into the stylishly beautiful vylette leaving the conscience -stricken julie out in the cold threatening to set her up for the girl 's murder if she breaks her silence .
the true story of homer hickam a coal miner 's son who was inspired by the first sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father 's wishes .
in the initech office the insecure peter gibbons hates his job and the abusive division vp bill lumbergh that has just hired two consultants to downsize the company . his best friends are the software engineers michael bolton and samir nagheenanajar that also hate initech and his next door neighbor lawrence . his girlfriend anne is cheating on him but she convinces peter to visit the hypnotherapist dr . swanson . peter tells how miserable his life is and dr . swanson hypnotizes him and he goes into a state of ecstasy . however dr . swanson dies immediately after giving the hypnotic suggestion to peter . he dates the waitress joanna and changes his attitude in the company being promoted by the consultants . when he discovers that michael and samir will be fired they decide to plant a virus in the account system to embezzle fraction of cents in each financial operation into peter 's account . however michael commits a mistake in the software and instead of decimals they steal a large amount . the desperate trio tries to fix the problem or they will go to prison .
a collection of twentysomethings try to cope with relationships loneliness desire and their individual neuroses .
a private investigator is hired to discover if a "snuff film " is authentic or not .
when carla tate now a young woman is 'graduated' out of the training school where she has resided for many years because she is mentally challenged her hope is that she will be accepted for all that she can now do for herself . but carla 's family is wealthy which permits her mother already blinded to her daughter 's rather high -functioning abilities to try and provide for carla beyond her needs or desires bringing forth the inevitable confrontations ... for what carla may lack in mental ability she certainly makes up for in her insistence on being independent even to living in her own apartment . but if this isn 't enough into the mix comes a young man equally challenged mentally who moves carla beyond anyone 's control ...
a portrait of a fictional town in the mid west that is home to a group of idiosyncratic and slightly neurotic characters . dwayne hoover is a wealthy car dealer -ship owner that 's on the brink of suicide and is losing touch with reality .
in the middle of the night private eye philip marlowe drives his friend terry lennox to the mexican border . when marlowe returns home police are waiting for him and learns that terry 's wife sylvia has been killed . he 's arrested as an accessory but released after a few days and is told the case is closed since terry lennox has seemingly committed suicide in mexico . marlowe is visited by mobster marty augustine who wants to know what happened to the lennox was supposed to deliver for him . meanwhile marlowe is hired by eileen wade to find her husband roger who has a habit of disappearing when he wants to dry out but she can 't find him in any any of his usual haunts . he finds him at dr . veringer 's clinic and brings him . it soon becomes obvious to marlowe that terry 's death the wades and augustine are all somehow interconnected . figuring out just what those connections are however will be anything but easy .
behind a young family 's home in maine is a terrible secret that holds the power of life after death . when tragedy strikes the threat of that power soon becomes undeniable .
the ancient indian cemetery with the power to raise the dead returns and influences the lives of new residents .
belated sequel to the film . years after the first authorities discover the mutilated bodies of adults in the secluded town of gatlin nebraska and children hiding in the corn . enter john garrett (terence knox ) and son danny (paul scherrer ) who head for gatlin on a story and get caught up in this mess when an orphan named micah (ryan bollman ) is possessed by he who walks behind the rows .
two brothers formerly of the murderous children 's cult of gatlin nebraska are taken to chicago by an unwitting couple .
in in detroit a red plymouth fury is built and is the cause of two accidents one of them fatal still in the assembly line . twenty -one years later the outcast and bullied nerd arnold "arnie" cunningham is getting a ride with his best and only friend dennis guilder and he sees the wrecked car for sale in a garden . arnie immediately falls in love with the car . the car was given the name christine by it 's first owner . he brings the car to a repair shop of the despicable will darnell and works hard to restore the classic car . while he works in the restoration he changes his personality to a cocky teenager and he dates the most beautiful girl in the high -school leigh cabot . soon arnie becomes selfish and jealous of the supernatural christine that kills everyone that is a threat to them .
a morgue attendant is talked into running a brothel at his workplace after a deceased pimp is sent there . however the pimp 's killers don 't look too kindly on this new 'business' nor does the morgue 's owner .
a millionaire offers a group of diverse people to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past .
this precursor to later "epic" 's disaster films illustrates hours in the lives of the personnel and passengers at the "lincoln airport ." endless problems professional and personal are thrown at the various personnel responsible for the safe and proper administration of air traffic airline management and aviation at a major us airport . take one severe snowstorm add multiple schedules gone awry one elderly trans global airlines stowaway shortages an aging meretricious pilot unreasonable peevish spouses manpower issues fuel problems frozen runways and equipment malfunctions and you get just a sample of the obstacles faced by weary disgruntled personnel and passengers at the lincoln airport . toss in one long -suffering pilot 's wife several stubborn men office politics and romance and one passenger with a bomb and you have the film "airport" from .
when the pilot of a small aircraft has a heart attack and crashes his plane into the cockpit of a boeing several members of the flight crew are killed and the pilot is blinded . miraculously the stays in the air on auto -pilot with flight attendant nancy prior at the controls . ground controllers including her boyfriend alan murdock try to teach her the basics but they soon realize they will have to get a trained pilot into the cockpit . their first attempt fails and murdock realizes he will have to do it . meanwhile various passengers have their own problems including a young girl who is destined to a life saving operation .
art thieves hijack a hit fog and crash into the ocean trapping them and the passengers under feet of water .
a blackmailer threatens to sabotage roller -coasters at various american amusement parks if he isn 't paid a huge ransom .
doug roberts architect returns from a long vacation to find work nearly completed on his skyscraper . he goes to the party that night concerned he 's found that his wiring specifications have not been followed and that the building continues to develop short circuits . when the fire begins michael o 'halleran is the chief on duty as a series of daring rescues punctuate the terror of a building too tall to have a fire successfully fought from the ground .
ramon the alligator is flushed down the toilet as a baby and grows into a gargantuan monster by eating the corpses of laboratory animals who have undergone dubious hormone experiments thus providing all the ecological and social subtext that one could possibly wish for even if one doesn 't normally go for films about giant alligators eating people left right and center --which is the inevitable and tragic result of ramon 's decision that the outside world looks rather more interesting than the sewers ....
after a collision with a comet a nearly wide piece of the asteroid "orpheus" is heading toward earth . if it hits it will cause an incredible catastrophe which will probably extinguish mankind . to stop the meteor nasa wants to use the illegal nuclear weapon satellite "hercules" but soon discovers that it doesn 't have enough firepower . their only chance to save the world is to join forces with the ussr which has also launched such an illegal satellite . but will both governments agree ?
a series inspired by the film of the same title written by michael crichton about a futuristic theme park populated by artificial beings .
it 's and on the surface it all seems to be an idyllic society . living in a city within an enclosed dome there is little or no work for humans to perform and inhabitants are free to pursue all of the pleasures of life . there is one catch however : your life is limited and when you reach it is terminated in a quasi -religious ceremony known as carousel . some known as runners do try to escape their fate when the time comes and it 's the job of sandmen to track them down and kill them . logan is such a man and with several years before his own termination date thinks nothing of the job he does . soon after meeting a young woman jessica he is ordered to become a runner himself and infiltrate a community outside the dome known as sanctuary and to destroy it . pursued by his friend francis also a sandman logan and jessica find their way to the outside . there they discover a beautiful virtually uninhabited world . logan realizes that he must return to the dome to tell them what he 's found and be set free .
it is the year : astronaut leo davidson boards a pod cruiser on a space station for a "routine" reconnaissance mission . but an abrupt detour through a space time wormhole lands him on a strange planet where talking apes rule over the human race . with the help of a sympathetic chimpanzee activist named ari and a small band of human rebels leo leads the effort to evade the advancing gorilla army led by general thade and his most trusted warrior attar . now the race is on to reach a sacred temple within the planet 's forbidden zone to discover the shocking secrets of mankind 's past - and the key to its future .
brent is an american astronaut part of a team sent to locate missing fellow american astronaut george taylor . following taylor 's known flight trajectory the search and rescue team crash lands on an unknown planet much like earth in the year with brent being the only survivor of the team . what brent initially does not know much like taylor didn 't initially know when he landed here before brent is that he has landed back on earth in the future in the vicinity of what was new york city . brent finds evidence that taylor has been on the planet . in brent 's search for taylor he finds that the planet is run by a barbaric race of english speaking apes whose mission is in part to annihilate the human race . brent eventually locates some of those humans who communicate telepathically and who live underground to prevent detection by the apes . these humans who are in their own way as barbaric as the apes want in turn to protect their species . brent has to figure out a way to save himself under the circumstances which may be more difficult to accomplish in the battle between the dominant species on this planet .
after conquering the oppressive humans in "conquest for the planet of the apes " caesar must now keep the peace among the humans and apes . gorilla general aldo views things differently and tries to cause an ape civil war . in the meantime other human survivors learn of the ape city and decide they want to take back civilization for themselves thus setting the stage of warring ape factions and humans .
in a futuristic world that has embraced ape slavery caesar the son of the late simians cornelius and zira surfaces after almost twenty years of hiding out from the authorities and prepares for a slave revolt against humanity .
following the events in "beneath the planet of the apes " cornelius and zira flee back through time to century los angeles where they face fear and persecution similar to what taylor and brent suffered in the future and discover the origins of the stream of events that will shape their world .
the vacationers at a winter wonderland struggle to survive after an avalanche of snow crashes into their ski resort . their holiday then turns into a game of survival .
construction engineer stuart graff is estranged from his jealously possessive wife remy and has an affair with denise marshall the widow of a co -worker. meanwhile remy tries to persuade her father sam royce who is stuart 's employer to use his influence to stop stuart from seeing denise . rogue policeman lew slade is suspended from the l .a.p.d. for having punched an obtuse officer from another jurisdiction . embittered slade contemplates quitting the police force . jody a perverted grocery store manager lusts after rosa amici sister of sal the assistant to miles quade an aspiring daredevil motor cyclist . the lives of all these people are devastated when a major earthquake rips through los angeles and reduces the city to ruins .
american based federation world airlines has just acquired a concorde jet which will make its inaugural commercial flight from washington d .c. to paris and then to moscow as a goodwill ...
after "the poseidon adventure " in which the ship got flipped over by a tidal wave the ship drifts bottom -up in the sea . while the passengers are still on board waiting to be rescued two rivaling salvage parties enter the ship on search for money gold and a small amount of plutonium .
ben sobol psychiatrist has a few problems : his son spies on his patients when they open up their heart his parents don 't want to attend his upcoming wedding and his patients ' problems don 't challenge him at all . paul vitti godfather has a few problems as well : sudden anxiety attacks in public a certain disability to kill people and his best part ceasing service when needed . one day ben unfortunately crashes into one of vitti 's cars . the exchange of ben 's business card is followed by a business visit of don paul vitti himself who wants to be free of inner conflict within two weeks before all the mafia dons meet . now ben sobol feels somewhat challenged as his wedding is soon his only patient keeps him busy by regarding ben 's duty as a hour standby and the feds keep forcing him to spy on paul vitti . and how do you treat a patient who usually solves problems with a gun ?
nick chen is one of new york city 's most martial police officers and the first chinese -born immigrant on the force . chen 's job is to keep the peace in chinatown from a turf war that has broken out between the triads and the ruthless and dangerous fukienese dragons . chen teams up with danny wallace who is terribly unaware of this situation . when the tongs boldly attempt to bribe wallace chen is forced to keep his faithfulness .
two vicious step -siblings of an elite manhattan prep school make a wager : to deflower the new headmaster 's daughter before the start of term .
a screenwriter loses a script in the back of a rickshaw and complications in the driver 's life make it difficult to return to its rightful owner .
a mixed group of individuals - lesbian gays and heterosexuals who all frequent a local bar struggle to accept each others lifestyles . however when the two gays are attacked and fight back and ultimately rape one of their attackers the group becomes strongly divided on their actions . jennifer tilly is the mother hen of the group who tries to hold everyone together . the lesbian lovers break up when one admits to having an affair with a man .
the deep end of the ocean is a film about a family 's reaction when ben the youngest son is kidnapped and then found ten years later living in the same town .
the reformed criminal paul maguire is a businessman in the construction business and happily married with vanessa maguire . his sixteen year -old daughter caitlin maguire is his pride and joy . one night paul and vanessa go to a dinner party and leave caitlin with her friends mike and evan at home . during the night his dinner is interrupted by detective peter st . john that tells that caitlin had been kidnapped and her friends are wounded . paul learns that three criminals had invaded his house and abducted his daughter . paul meets his friends and former crew kane and danny doherty and they unsuccessfully press the smalltime criminals expecting to have news from caitlin . soon she is found dead in a park and they see the result of the ballistics indicating that a russian tokarev pistol killed caitlin . now paul is haunted by his past and believes that the russians are seeking revenge . paul kane and danny start a war against the russians but no mobster knows any connection of the russian mafia with caitlin . who did kill paul 's daughter ?
blair a fighter pilot joins an interstellar war to fight the evil kilrathi who are trying to destroy the universe .
when eleanor theo and luke decide to take part in a sleep study at a huge mansion they get more than they bargained for when dr . marrow tells them of the house 's ghostly past .
the mantle brothers are both doctors - both gynecologists - and identical twins . mentally however one of them is more confident than the other and always manages to seduce the women he meets . when he 's tired of his current partner she is passed on to the other brother - without her knowing . everything runs smoothly until an actress visits their clinic and the shy brother is the first to fall in love . will they be able to 'share' her ?
missy mccloud is the most beautiful girl in school and johnny dingle has been in love with her for years . one night johnny is killed trying to win her over and soon he comes back from the dead and wins missy 's heart .
a small town 's women give birth to unfriendly alien children posing as humans .
scientists discovers that there are six children who each have an enormous intelligence . the children are flown to london to be studied but they each escape their embassy and gather in a ...
dr . elena kinder and dr . heap work for babyco the world 's leading manufacturer in baby products . what the public doesn 't know however is that dr . kinder and dr . heap are secretly working on cracking the code to "baby talk " which is actually a highly sophisticated language which allows babies to communicate the knowledge of the secrets of the universe with which they are born . problems arise when sly the smartest of the babies escapes from the lab and unites the babies of the outside world to help free the babies trapped in the lab . kinder and heap must find sly before it is too late .
the butcher (known from noe 's short film carne ) has done some time in jail after beating up the guy who tried to seduce his teenage mentally -handicapped daughter . now he wants to start a new life . he leaves his daughter in an institution and moves to lille suburbs with his mistress . she promised him a new butcher shop . she lied . the butcher decides to go back to paris and find his daughter .
ben holmes a professional book -jacket blurbologist is trying to get to savannah for his wedding . he just barely catches the last plane but a seagull flies into the engine as the plane is taking off . all later flights are cancelled because of an approaching hurricane so he is forced to hitch a ride in a geo metro with an attractive but eccentric woman named sarah .
mrs . anna leonowens and her son louis arrive in bangkok where she has been contracted to teach english to the children of the royal household . she threatens to leave when the house she had been promised is not available but falls in love with the children . a new slave a gift of a vassal king translates "uncle tom 's cabin " into a siamese ballet . after expressing her unhappiness at being with the king the slave decides to make an attempt to escape with her lover . anna and the king start to fall in love but her headstrong upbringing inhibits her from joining his harem . she is just about to leave siam but something important she finds out makes her think about changing her mind .
in a remote military outpost in the century captain john boyd and his regiment embark on a rescue mission which takes a dark turn when they are ambushed by a sadistic cannibal .
can an over -the-hill journalist uncover the evidence that can prove a death row inmate 's innocence just hours before his execution ?
two convicts one charismatic (willis) and the other a hypochondriac (thornton) break out of prison and immediately start a bank robbing spree kidnapping bank managers spending the night with their families then going with the managers in the morning to rob the banks . using a dim -witted stunt man as their getaway driver and lookout the three successfully pull off several jobs (even gaining the attention of a television show about american criminals ) and become known as "the sleepover bandits ." things are going great until the bank managers begin to realize that the robbers are non -violent and therefore no threat to them or their employees changing the game for the bandits . to add to the complications a bored & unhappy housewife (blanchett) ends up in the hands of the criminals and begins to have romantic feelings for both willis and thornton causing a sticky love triangle .
a venetian courtesan becomes a hero to her city but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the church for witchcraft .
mrs . anna leonowens and her son louis arrive in bangkok where she has been contracted to teach english to the children of the royal household . she threatens to leave when the house she had been promised is not available but falls in love with the children . a new slave a gift of a vassal king translates "uncle tom 's cabin " into a siamese ballet . after expressing her unhappiness at being with the king the slave decides to make an attempt to escape with her lover . anna and the king start to fall in love but her headstrong upbringing inhibits her from joining his harem . she is just about to leave siam but something important she finds out makes her think about changing her mind .
doug and his friends find a "monster" living in the woods outside their town but when they find the monster is actually kind of nice they find themselves hunted by "bad guys " who want the monster . in addition doug has to compete for the attention of patti mayonnaise with a snobby grader guy graham . will doug get to take patti to the valentine 's day dance ?
a video store clerk agrees to have his life filmed by a camera crew for a television show .
young people in trouble with the law (wealthy pete stole a car ; linc arrested during watts riots ; julie ran away from her san francisco prostitute mother ) can avoid jail by infiltrating the counter culture and exposing badguys who prey on other kids .
a manager hires ray off the books to paint all the power towers in a -mile stretch of high -tension wires outside sheffield . ray 's crew of men are friends especially ray with steve a young romeo . into the mix comes gerry an australian with a spirit of adventure and mountain climbing skills . she wants a job and against the others ' advice who don 't want a woman on the job ray hires her . then she and ray fall in love . he asks her to marry him gives her a ring . steve 's jealous ; ray 's ex -wife complains that he spends on gerry not his own kids and she predicts that gerry won 't stay around . plus there 's pressure to finish the job fast . economics romance and wanderlust spark the end .
usa summer of . man is about to walk on the moon the vietnam war is breaking out and there is the great concert in woodstock . in a holiday camp for jewish families not far from woodstock alison and her family are on vacation . pearl the mother is young and attractive but defeated by life having become pregnant on her first loving relationship forgetting her dreams to devote herself to her children . marty the father is absent because he is busily occupied working at a television repair business . one day a charming salesman arrives at the camp selling clothes and knick -knacks. he lives an intense life of love and passion culminating in an escape to woodstock with pearl where events have a deep impact .
steven matrix is one of the underworld 's foremost hitmen until his luck runs out and someone puts a contract out on him . shot in the forehead by a pistol matrix "dies" and finds ...
a pretty popular teenager can 't go out on a date until her ill -tempered older sister does .
mario suarez is a forty -something tango artist whose wife laura has left him . he leaves his apartment and starts preparing a film about tango .
the remake of the neil simon comedy follows the adventures of a couple henry and nancy clark vexed by misfortune while in new york city for a job interview .
in lille two penniless young women with few prospects become friends . isa moves in with marie who 's flat -sitting for a mother and child in hospital in comas following a car crash . isa is out -going unskilled with hopes of moving south to warmer climes . marie usually is either angry or detached . then while isa begins to visit the child in whose flat they live going to hospital to read to her marie slowly falls for a rich youth . at first marie keeps him at bay then she not only pursues him she begins to dream he is her life 's love . when isa tries to warn marie their friendship flounders . how will marie handle the inevitable ? and once they lose the flat where will they go ?
the sudden reappearance of his best friend toni after ten years absence causes chris to remember his past to question some of his lifestyle decisions and to re -evaluate his life and marriage to marion .
an older man listens to bill 's story about being a callow writer who likes to follow strangers around london observing them . one day a glib and self -confident man whom bill has been following confronts him . he 's cobb a burglar who takes bill under his wing and shows him how to break and enter . they burgle a woman 's flat ; bill gets intrigued with her (photographs are everywhere in her flat ). he follows her and chats her up at a bar owned by her ex -boyfriend a nasty piece of work who killed someone in her living room with a hammer . soon bill is volunteering to do her a favor which involves a break -in. what does the older man know that bill doesn 't?
told from three perspectives a story of a bunch of young californians trying to get some cash do and deal some drugs score money and sex in las vegas and generally experience the rush of life .
a newspaper reporter enrolls in high school as part of research for a story .
on holidays in hong kong mrs ma gives birth to identical twins . a criminal in the same hospital attempts to escape taking one of the twins hostage . the child is lost during the confusion and mr and mrs ma return to new york with one child . years later john ma is a famous conductor and pianist unaware that his twin brother "boomer" is a mechanic /race car driver /bodyguard in hong kong . when john travels to hong kong to give a concert the twins get caught up in each other 's business about which they are anything but experts .
conflict arises in the small town of holly springs when an old woman 's death causes a variety of reactions among family and friends .
in lapland under the midnight sun otto and ana reunite once again after a long period of time apart in the hope of rekindling their unrequited teenage love .
ben and sandra are hot and provocative lovers but sandra is unfortunately married to ben 's younger brother jake and soon jake will find out about ben .
the story of wrongfully convicted men (eddie murphy and martin lawrence ) who discover the value of life after serving years in prison .
friends for ten years a group of twenty -somethings head for the ski slopes as guests of ian 's father . (ian and dad are estranged because dad worked too many hours when ian was a lad .) dad has something to say but ian won 't listen . meanwhile david is gay and virginal ; ian 's business partner keaton is unhappy that his sister jane is pregnant with no plans to tell the father ; lisa is everybody 's pal and no one 's lover ; john stuck in adolescence is always on the make . he brings german -born stunner carla and promptly loses her affection to hans a fast -talking ski instructor . david meets manny : they have chess in common . soon surprises abound as relationships take new turns .
hideous kinky is the story of two sisters (seven and five years old ) traveling with their hippie mother from london to morocco . they encounter many adventures new experiences and interesting culture as they tag along on their mother 's search for freedom and love . it is told through the eyes of the youngest girl and we learn her observations on life mum and determined sister bea .
a once handsome playboy csar finds himself in a mental facility and he can 't remember why . all he can remember is meeting the love of his life for one day and then getting into a car accident which left his face horribly disfigured . but the pain of becoming physically undesirable may help him to find the truth .
two punks live in salt lake city . the film covers their all -day routine . the realism of the character -narrated movie may be discussed . one of the punks gets ill stays in hospital for three weeks comes out again . three parties are covered and one concert including a fight between punks rednecks and others .
in order to impress his beautiful french neighbor dylan ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero . unfortunately things do not work out as planned .
a feud develops between two air traffic controllers : one cocky and determined while the other is restrained and laidback which inevitably affects their lives .
a high school teacher 's personal life becomes complicated as he works with students during the school elections particularly with an obsessive overachiever determined to become student body president .
a game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged .
following the theft of a highly -secured piece of artwork an agent convinces her insurance agency employers to allow her to wriggle into the company of an aging but active master thief . connery 's burglar takes her on suspiciously and demands rigorous training before their first job together --stealing a highly -valued mask from a chichi party . their deepening attraction and distrust could tear apart their partnership but the promise of a bigger prize (some eight billion odd dollars ) by zeta -jones keeps the game interesting . only who 's playing with whom ?
a teenage slacker 's right hand becomes possessed with murderous intent .
this tenderly romantic film tells the story of steve a young man in a british prep school as he struggles with coming out and falling in love with the class jock john ... who amazingly falls in love with him as well .
wang bianlian is an aging street performer known as the king of mask for his mastery of sichuan change art in a true story . his wife left him with and infant son over years ago . the son died from illness at age . this left wang a melancholy loner aching for a male descendent to learn his rare and dying art . a famous master performer of the sichuan opera offers to bring him into his act thus giving wang fame and possible fortune but wang opts for staying the simple street performer . then one night after a performance he is sold a young boy by a slave trader posing as the boy 's parent . "grandpa" finds new joy in life as he plans to teach "doggie" (an affectionate term often used for young children in china ) his art . all is well until doggie is found out to really be a girl .
an american in ho chi minh city looks for a daughter he fathered during the war . he meets woody a child who 's a street vendor and when woody 's case of wares disappears he thinks the ...
early century england : while toasting his daughter catherine 's engagement arthur winslow learns the royal naval academy expelled his -year-old son ronnie for stealing five ...
mildred pierce dotes on her daughters while husband bert looks to maggie binderhof for affection . they separate leaving mildred to raise the girls on her own . elder daughter veda goads her mother about their lack of money and in response mildred proposes opening a small restaurant . realtor wally fay advises her while making numerous rebuffed passes and introduces her to monte baragon whose property becomes the first of a chain of restaurants . mildred has an affair with monte . meanwhile money -hungry veda pretends to be pregnant by wealthy ted forrester in order to bilk his family of mildred tears up the check is slapped by veda and orders her daughter to leave . after time away mildred returns to find veda singing in a cheap club . veda will return only if mildred promises her desired (monte's) lifestyle so mildred agrees to marry monte in exchange for a third of her businesses . it soon becomes clear that something is going on between veda and monte . mildred learns of this only after monte has sold out his third of the her business leaving her bankrupt . she goes to monte 's beach house to kill him ... shots ring out but what really happened ?
two pretty high school girls (one a cheerleader !) don 't like their stepmother or her new boyfriend ("daddy would have gotten us uzis !"). one morning they wake up to find that everybody in los angeles has been turned to dust by a comet except them a guy who looks like erik estrada some zombies and the occupants of a secret underground government installation .
michael and ellie break into a military junkyard to find a science project for michael 's class and discover a strange glowing orb which absorbs electricity . when the orb begins to blend past present and future its up to michael and ellie to stop the orb and save mankind .
all tess trueheart wants is to settle down to a quiet life with her boyfriend detective dick tracy . but there 's something pretty rotten going on in town with someone pretty rotten behind it and tracy has his hands full with the likes of villain big boy caprice and with the almost irresistible breathless mahoney .
an american serving in the french foreign legion on an archaeological dig at the ancient city of hamunaptra accidentally awakens a mummy .
after a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels successful mystery novelist richard "rick" castle receives permission from the mayor of new york city to tag along with an nypd homicide investigation team for research purposes .
widowed kieran johnson is a lonely middle -aged chicago -based high school history teacher who feels disconnected to his life . he decides to take a trip to his mother 's small old hometown ...
after people die they spend a week with counselors also dead who help them pick one memory the only memory they can take to eternity . they describe the memory to the staff who work with a crew to film it and screen it at week 's end ; eternity follows . dead arrive that week assigned to three counselors and a trainee . one old man cannot find a memory so he watches videotape of his life . others pick their memory quickly and the film crew gets right to work . the trainee -year-old shiori helps a teenage girl choose a memory other than disneyland . the youthful staff have a secret and feelings too which play out especially shiori 's affection for her mentor mochizuki
micheal a former test subject of a project to create supersoldiers is forced to escape with his comrades after the project was cancelled . months later he is trying to have a quiet life as a librarian with a tough cop as his best friend . however a string of vicious gangland murders begins that has all the markings of his former compatriots who seem to have turned to violent crime . realizing that the police are helpless to fight these soldiers micheal decides to take them on himself . donning a mask to protect his identity micheal must fight these powerful villians as the mysterious superhero known only as black mask .
a teenager copes with his sexuality on the last day of school in . it shows him coping with being gay and being with friends .
the story of the antarctic exploration mission of sir ernest shackleton . the ship sails south breaking the ice and ultimately getting trapped by the fast -changing weather . the ship breaks up in the ice and while men and dogs wait on elephant island shackleton and a crew of five take a -foot lifeboat miles to south georgia island to mount a rescue mission . we also get a good look at the exotic animals of the region particularly the penguins .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
when exchanging letters two women discover new things about a man they knew .
when an african dictator jails her husband shandurai goes into exile in italy studying medicine and keeping house for mr . kinsky an eccentric english pianist and composer . she lives in ...
a group of unemployed theater actors survive by working as illegal money collectors . the loan shark they are working for owns an off -broadway theater . as he decided to play "american buffalo " there a bloody battle for the favorite roles begin .
an american serving in the french foreign legion on an archaeological dig at the ancient city of hamunaptra accidentally awakens a mummy .
an american serving in the french foreign legion on an archaeological dig at the ancient city of hamunaptra accidentally awakens a mummy .
an irrigation project in the rural bayous of louisiana unearths living mummy kharis who was buried in quicksand twenty -five years earlier .
an egyptian priest travels to america in search of the bodies of an egyptian princess and her living mummified guardian with consequences .
an ancient mummy is revived to destroy the invaders of the year -old tomb of an egyptian princess .
an archaeological expedition brings back to london the coffin of an egyptian queen known for her magical powers . her spirit returns in the form of a young girl and strange things start to ...
the abusive and traumatic adoptive upbringing of christina crawford at the hands of her mother screen queen joan crawford is depicted .
just before the destruction of the planet krypton scientist jor -el sends his infant son kal -el on a spaceship to earth . raised by kindly farmers jonathan and martha kent young clark discovers the source of his superhuman powers and moves to metropolis to fight evil . as superman he battles the villainous lex luthor while as novice reporter clark kent he attempts to woo co -worker lois lane
picking up where "superman: the movie " left off three criminals general zod (terence stamp ) ursa (sarah douglas ) and non (jack o 'halloran) from the planet krypton are released from the phantom zone by a nuclear explosion in space . they descend upon earth where they could finally rule . superman meanwhile is in love with lois lane (margot kidder ) who finds out who he really is . lex luthor (gene hackman ) escapes from prison and is determined to destroy superman by joining forces with the three criminals .
wealthy businessman ross webster (robert vaughn )discovers the hidden talents of gus gorman (richard pryor ) a mischievous computer genius . ross decides to abuse his talents in a way to help webster with his plans for economic control . when the man of steel interferes something must be done about supes . when gus ' synthetic kryptonite fails to kill superman it turns him in an evil incarnation of his former self . the tar -laced kryptonite pits man against himself setting up the clark vs . superman battle .
superman does a lot in his newest adventure . archvillain lex luthor determined to make the world safe for nuclear arms merchants creates a new being to challenge the man of steel : the radiation -charged nuclear man . the two super -powered foes clash in an explosive screen extranvaganza that sees superman save the statue of liberty repulse a volcanic eruption of mount etna rebuild the demolished great wall of china and perform many more spetactular feats .
after a harrowing ride through the carpathian mountains in eastern europe renfield enters castle dracula to finalize the transferral of carfax abbey in london to count dracula who is in actuality a vampire . renfield is drugged by the eerily hypnotic count and turned into one of his thralls protecting him during his sea voyage to london . after sucking the blood and turning the young lucy weston into a vampire dracula turns his attention to her friend mina seward daughter of dr . seward who then calls in a specialist dr . van helsing to diagnose the sudden deterioration of mina 's health . van helsing realizing that dracula is indeed a vampire tries to prepare mina 's fiance john harker and dr . seward for what is to come and the measures that will have to be taken to prevent mina from becoming one of the undead .
after escaping from an asylum the mad dr . niemann and his hunch back assistant revive count dracula the wolf man and the frankenstein monster in order to extract revenge upon their many enemies .
an obsessed scientist assembles a living being from parts of exhumed corpses .
wolf von frankenstein returns to the baronial manor from the united states with his wife elsa and son peter . he not made welcome by the locals who are still terrified of his father 's works and the monster he created . the local burgomaster gives him a sealed briefcase left by his father and inside wolf finds his father 's scientific notes . at the manor house he meets his father 's assistant igor who has a surprise for him : the monster his father created is still alive though in some sort of coma . wolf 's initial attempts to re -animate the creature seem to fail but when peter says he saw a giant in the woods it appears he 's met success . when people are mysteriously killed in the village there is little doubt that the monster is responsible .
when ygor brings the monster to dr . ludwig frankenstein for care ludwig gets the idea of replacing the monster 's current criminal brain with a normal one .
after being awakened larry talbot chips frankenstein 's monster out of a block of ice . when talbot changes to the wolf man the two creatures battle each other .
in prison and awaiting execution dr . victor frankenstein recounts to a priest what led him to his current circumstance . he inherited his family 's wealth after the death of his mother when he was still only a young man . he hired paul krempe as his tutor and he immediately developed an interest in medical science . after several years he and krempe became equals and he developed an interest in the origins and nature of life . after successfully re -animating a dead dog victor sets about constructing a man using body parts he acquires for the purpose including the hands of a pianist and the brain of a renowned scholar . as frankenstein 's excesses continue to grow krempe is not only repulsed by what his friend has done but is concerned for the safety of the beautiful elizabeth victor 's cousin and fiance who has come to live with them . his experiments lead to tragedy and his eventual demise .
count alucard finds his way from budapest to the swamps of the deep south after meeting katherine caldwell of the moneyed caldwell clan that runs a plantation called dark oaks . she 's obsessed with occult matters . who better to guide her through this supernatural world than count alucard whose name no one bothers to spell backwards ? no one that is except the wily dr . brewster an old family friend . he 'll join professor lazlo a specialist in the occult in fighting this "alucard" and the woman he 's influenced . or has katherine influenced him ? meanwhile katherine 's fianc frank stanley will find his courage and his sanity sorely tested when he accidentally shoots katherine to death yet finds that she goes on living .
upon the death of his brother larry talbot returns from america to his ancestral home in wales . he visits a gypsy camp with village girl jenny williams who is attacked by bela a gypsy who has turned into a werewolf . larry kills the werewolf but is bitten during the fight . bela 's mother tells him that this will cause him to become a werewolf at each full moon . larry confesses his plight to his unbelieving father sir john who then joins the villagers in a hunt for the wolf . transformed by the full moon larry heads for the forest and a fateful meeting with both sir john and gwen conliffe .
after countless millennia of watching waiting and stalking the unholy creatures known as werewolves are poised to inherit the earth . after newswoman karen white 's shocking on -screen transformation and violent death her brother ben is approached by stefan crosscoe a mysterious gentleman who claims that karen has actually become a werewolf . but this is the least of their worries ... to save mankind stefan and ben must travel to transylvania to battle and destroy stirba the immortal queen of all werewolves before she is restored to her full powers !
in the arizona desert professor gerald deemer is experimenting with growth hormones in the hopes of finding a way to increase the world 's food supply . his partner in the project was recently found dead in the desert suffering from a disease that normally takes years to advance but in his case seems to have afflicted him in only a few days . the local doctor matt hastings is puzzled by the strange case and with deemer 's recently arrived (and very pretty ) assistant stephanie clayton tries to figure out what is going on . when cattle remains are found in the countryside evidence points to a giant tarantula as the culprit .
it 's the weird and wonderful as newly engaged couple brad and janet encounter a problem when their car halts in the rain . they both look for contact only to find themselves at the castle of dr . frank -n-furter a transvestite . a place to stay is offered but will brad and janet want to remain there ? especially when a large group of transylvanians dance to the 'time warp ' dr . frank -n-furter builds his own man and a whole host of participation for the audience to enjoy .
dan ackroyd john candy gilda radner and cheech and chong present this compilation of classic bad films from the 's 's and 's. special features on gorilla pictures anti -marijuana films and a special tribute to the worst film maker of all -time ed wood .
scientists at an arctic research station discover a spacecraft buried in the ice . upon closer examination they discover the frozen pilot . all hell breaks loose when they take him back to their station and he is accidentally thawed out !
john putnam is a writer and an amateur stargazer with a new home out in the beautiful arizona desert which he enjoys with ellen fields his girlfriend and a local schoolteacher . john is not trusted by the people of the small town near where he lives certainly not by sheriff matt warren who feels protective of ellen and perhaps something more . one night john and ellen see a meteor crash in the desert . john drags his friend pete out of bed to take him over to the crash site in his helicopter . once there john climbs down into the crater . unfortunately he does so alone as pete and ellen wait for him . john is the only one who sees the spaceship before a landslide covers it . and john is the only one who catches a glimpse of the hideous thing inside . at first john 's story seems mad until some of the townsfolk begin acting strange - as if they aren 't really who they seem to be .
as earth is invaded by alien tripod fighting machines one family fights for survival .
the first remake of the paranoid infiltration classic moves the setting for the invasion from a small town to the city of san fransisco and starts as matthew bennell notices that several of his friends are complaining that their close relatives are in some way different . when questioned later they themselves seem changed as they deny everything or make lame excuses . as the invaders increase in number they become more open and bennell who has by now witnessed an attempted "replacement" realises that he and his friends must escape or suffer the same fate . but who can he trust to help him and who has already been snatched ?
dr . alec holland hidden away in the depths of a murky swamp is trying to create a new species - a combination of animal and plant capable of adapting and thriving in the harshest conditions . unfortunately he becomes subject of his own creation and is transformed . . . arcane desperate for the formula attempts to capture the swamp thing . an explosive chase ensues that ultimately ends with a confrontation between holland and a changed arcane . . .
grim story of one of the major battles of the korean war . while negotiators are at work in panmunjom trying to bring the conflict to a negotiated end lt . joe clemons is ordered to launch an attack and retake pork cop hill . it 's tough on the soldiers who know that the negotiations are under way and no one wants to die when they think it will all soon be over . the hill is of no particular strategic military value but all part of showing resolve during the negotiations . under the impression that the battle has been won battalion headquarters orders some of the men withdrawn when in fact they are in dire need of reinforcements and supplies . as the chinese prepare to counterattack and broadcast propaganda over loudspeakers the men prepare for what may be their last battle .
the captain of a submarine sunk by the japanese during wwii is finally given a chance to skipper another sub after a year of working a desk job . his singleminded determination for revenge against the destroyer that sunk his previous vessel puts his new crew in unneccessary danger .
every man 's dream comes true for william thacker an unsuccessful notting hill bookstore owner when anna scott the world 's most beautiful woman and best -liked actress enters his shop . a little later he still can 't believe it himself william runs into her again - this time spilling orange juice over her . anna accepts his offer to change in his nearby apartment and thanks him with a kiss which seems to surprise her even more than him . eventually anna and william get to know each other better over the months but being together with the world 's most wanted woman is not easy - neither around your closest friends nor in front of the all -devouring press .
computer scientist hannon fuller has discovered something extremely important . he 's about to tell the discovery to his colleague douglas hall but knowing someone is after him the old man leaves a letter in the computer generated parallel world his company has created (which looks like the 's with seemingly real people with real emotions ). fuller is murdered in our real world the same night and his colleague is suspected . douglas discovers a bloody shirt in his bathroom and he cannot recall what he was doing the night fuller was murdered . he logs into the system in order to find the letter but has to confront the unexpected . the truth is harsher than he could ever imagine ...
famous writer alexander is very ill and has little time left to live . he meets a little boy on the street who is an illegal immigrant from albania and goes on a journey with him to take the boy home .
confused non -linear film tells the sexual story of a film director from his life at age age age a man embarking on his first film in 's tunisia and finally to his current ...
when a noted anthropologist who left society to live in the jungle is imprisoned for murder it 's up to a young psychiatrist to get through to him .
a group of legendary cuban musicians some as old as their nineties were brought together by ry cooder to record a cd . in this film we see and hear some of the songs being recorded in havana . there is also footage from concerts in amsterdam and new york city 's carnegie hall . in addition many of the individual musicians talk about their lives in cuba and about how they got started in music .
an academic obsessed with "roadside attractions " and his tv -star daughter finally discover the world 's largest ice cream cone the centerpiece for an old gold -rush town struggling to stay on the map . they end up staying longer than expected because of an accident that spilled an unknown cola ingredient all over the highway . they spend the next few days with the various residents of the town which include a teenage girl who loves to blow things up and a boy trying to keep alive his fathers dream of building a beachside resort in the middle of the desert .
young filmmakers (rafer weigel eric mccormack ) trying to hawk a movie titled "bradykillers" about a serial killer who goes after victims marcia jan and cindy meet their screen idol william shatner . shatner appearing as himself has fun poking fun at his own image . the two young men who idolize him and in their fantasies have seen him as a shadowy fairy godfather figure are alarmed at the reality of the middle -aged non -captain kirk man that they meet . however their relationship helps anchor the two more into reality .
limbo tells the story of people trying to reinvent themselves in the southeastern islands of alaska . the story revolves around joe gastineau a fisherman traumatised by an accident at sea years before singer donna de angelo and her disaffected daughter noelle who come into joe 's life . when joe 's fast -talking half -brother bobby returns to town and asks joe for a favor the lives of the characters are changed forever .
austin powers is a 's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 's. the world is a very different place for powers . unfortunately for austin everyone is no longer sex -mad. although he may be in a different decade his mission is still the same . he has teamed up with vanessa kensington to stop the evil dr . evil who was also frozen in the past . dr . evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 's) billion dollars . can austin powers stop this madman ? or will he caught up with evil 's henchman with names like alotta fagina and random task ? only time will tell !
in present day montreal a famous nicolo bussotti violin known as "the red violin " is being auctioned off . during the auction we flash back to the creation of the violin in century italy and follow the violin as it makes its way through an century austrian monastery a violinist in century oxford china during the cultural revolution and back to montreal where a collector tries to establish the identity and the secrets of "the red violin ."
the movie is about the life of tarzan . tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named kala since he was a child . he believed that this was his family but on an expedition jane porter is rescued by tarzan . he then finds out that he 's human . now tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to ...
the naked corpse of captain elisabeth campbell daughter of lieutenant general "fighting joe " campbell is found staked out on the urban warfare range of fort maccallum . army cid detectives and ex -lovers paul brenner and sara sunhill are called in to investigate and find themselves wrapped up in a maelstrom of sexual impropriety and misguided face -saving.
affectionate tribute to bruce vilanch ) who writes material for celebrities who make public appearances from oscar hosts and award recipients to presidents . we meet his mom and see ...
ellen is holding a casting session for the play "an ideal husband " while at home her husband is being less than ideal . all these men that act oscar wilde 's words to her seem perfect but all her fantasies are broken by an unhappy director .
. danny boodmann a stoker on an american passenger liner virginian finds a baby abandoned on the ship . he names the child danny boodmann t .d. lemon nineteen hundred and raises the child as his own until his death in an accident on the ship . the child never leaves the ship and turns out to be a musical genius especially when it comes to playing the piano . as an adult he befriends a trumpet player in the ship 's band max tooney . after several years on the ship max leaves and tells the story of to the owner of a music store .
lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend manni . he lost dm in a subway train that belongs to a very bad guy . lola has min to raise this amount and meet manni . otherwise he will rob a store to get the money . three different alternatives may happen depending on some minor event along lola 's run .
from a television series that barely lasted three seasons in the star trek has grown into a multibillion -dollar industry involving several spin -off series numerous movies and countless merchandise items . this phenomenon is due to the series ' legions of rabidly devoted fans popularly known as "trekkies". star trek actress denise crosby provides an affectionate and humorous look at some of these people who demonstrate how star trek has affected and even shaped their lives . several members of the series ' cast and creative team also describe what the series and its fans mean to them .
sonny koufax is years old . he 's a law school graduate . he 's got a nice apartment in manhattan . there 's just one problem . he does nothing except sit on his butt and live off an investment that was the result of a meager lawsuit he won a year ago . but after his fed up girlfriend leaves him he comes up with the ingenious idea to adopt a five year old boy to showcase his newfound maturity . but things don 't go as planned and sonny finds himself the unlikely foster father that will change his perspective on just looking out for himself .
to amuse themselves at a weekly dinner a few well -heeled folk each bring a dimwit along who is to talk about his pastime . each member seeks to introduce a champion dumbbell . pierre an avid participant of the game runs into one problem after another that devilishly compromises his secrets turning the tables on him and his objective which diverges as the movie progresses . firstly wishing to be certain he has selected a winner he invited his guest mr . pignon to meet him at home before setting off ; but night of all nights pierre has put his back out and it is questionable whether he can manage to get to the dinner . the blundering mr . pignon will continually spring forward to help relieve pierre of his troubles which have drastically compounded pointing in the direction of friends taxes and women and pierre 's dimwit pignon accordingly will prove his substance to the end .
pakistani taxi -driver parvez and prostitute bettina find themselves trapped in the middle when islamic fundamentalists decide to clean up their local town .
a species of south american killer spider hitches a lift to the u .s. in a coffin and starts to breed and kill .
follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade -schoolers in the quiet dysfunctional town of south park colorado .
jim west is a guns -a-blazing former civil war hero . artemus gordon is an inventive u .s. marshal who excels in disguise . when the united states is threatened by psychotic confederate arliss loveless president ulysses grant teams the duo up to bring him to justice . on a hazard -packed train journey from washington d .c. to utah west and gordon must combine their skills to best loveless and his diabolical machines .
spike lee 's take on the "son of sam " murders in new york city during the summer of centering on the residents of an italian -american northeast bronx neighborhood who live in fear and distrust of one another .
set against paris ' oldest bridge the pont neuf while it was closed for repairs this film is a love story between two young vagrants : alex a would be circus performer addicted to alcohol and sedatives and michele a painter driven to a life on the streets because of a failed relationship and an affliction which is slowly turning her blind . the film portrays the harsh existence of the homeless as alex michele and hans an older vagrant survive on the streets with their wits . as they both slowly get their lives back together michele becomes increasingly dependent on alex as her vision deteriorates further . fearing that michele will leave him if she receives a new medical treatment alex attempts to keep michele practically a prisoner . the streets skies and waterways of paris are used as a backdrop to the story in a series of stunning visuals which dominate the film .
jim oz finch and kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity . the hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night . whilst oz begins singing to grab attention and kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and jim fails miserably . whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the internet jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father . will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night ? or will they learn something much different ?
a man begins to suspect his neighbors are not what they appear to be and their secrets could be deadly .
magali is a wine producer in the south of france . she 's a widow and her best friend isabelle decides to find her a new husband . she puts an ad in the local newspaper and finds a nice man grald . at isabelle 's daughter 's wedding magali eventually meets grald . but there 's another man around etienne ...
gonzo is contacted by his alien family through his breakfast cereal . he is kidnapped and it 's up to kermit and the gang to rescue gonzo and help reunite him with his long -lost family .
three film students travel to maryland to make a student film about a local urban legend ... the blair witch . the three went into the woods on a two day hike to find the blair witch and never came back . one year later the students film and video were found in the woods . the footage was compiled and made into a movie . the blair witch project .
after his wife alice tells him about her sexual fantasies william harford sets out for a night of sexual adventure . after several less than successful encounters he meets an old friend nick nightingale - now a musician - who tells him of strange sex parties when he is required to play the piano blindfolded . all the men at the party are costumed and wear masks while the women are all young and beautiful . harford manages to find an appropriate costume and heads out to the party . once there however he is warned by someone who recognizes him despite the mask that he is in great danger . he manages to extricate himself but the threats prove to be quite real and sinister .
what happens when a man -eating crocodile begins picking off tourists in beautiful lake placid ? what if the crocodile wants to make it his home ?
looking outward this is a segment from a series revolving around the relationship between my son (then yrs old ) and daughter (then yrs old ). their relationship is too complicated and too dynamic to understand . that i know . this piece does not try to explain anything other than the fact of an overlapping acoustic environment and proximate activities . looking inward wood is also a reflection on the many overlapping rhythms of the body .
valentino is an ex adult film star very much in love with his girlfriend mary carmen ....and boyfriend gary . things take a tragic turn when valentino is rushed to the hospital after collapsing on a city street and is diagnosed with hiv /aids...forcing mary carmen and gary to push aside their jealousy & differences to take care of the man they both love while he is dying . ultimately finding comfort understanding and strength in the other . a beautiful modern love story with a fantastic cast . vincent d 'onofrio is very charismatic charming and intense as valentino .....
peter venkman ray stantz and egon work at the university where they delve into the paranormal and fiddle with many unethical experiments on the students . as they are kicked out of the university do they really understand their knowledge of the paranormal and go into business for themselves . under the new snazzy business name of 'ghostbusters' and living in the old firehouse building they work out of they are called to rid new york city of paranormal phenomenon at everyone 's whim .... for a price . they make national press as the media thinks and pressures everybody the ghostbusters are the cause of it all . thrown in jail by the epa the mayor takes a chance and calls on them to help save the city . unbeknownst to all a long dead gozer worshiper (evo shandor ) erected downtown apartment building is the cause of all the paranormal activity . they find out the building could resurrect the ancient hittite god gozer and bring an end to all of humanity . who are you gonna call to stop this terrible world -ending menace ?
the discovery of a massive river of ectoplasm and a resurgence of spectral activity allows the staff of ghostbusters to revive the business .
in a small minnesota town the annual beauty pageant is being covered by a tv crew . former winner gladys leeman wants to make sure her daughter follows in her footsteps . explosions falling lights and trailer fires prove that . as the leemans are the richest family in town the police are pretty relaxed about it all . despite everything main rival (but nice ) amber atkins won 't be stopped . there could well be more death and disappointment to come .
when eleanor theo and luke decide to take part in a sleep study at a huge mansion they get more than they bargained for when dr . marrow tells them of the house 's ghostly past .
a remake of the television series matthew broderick stars as gadget who suffers an accident at the beginning of the film and befriends brenda a robotic surgeon who repairs gadget so that he can defeat the villain claw . in the meantime gadget and brenda fall in love .
gabriel an aspiring writer of broadway musicals meets mark a muscled stripper who picks him up on the subway . they spend the night trying to find somewhere to be alone ... forced to contend with gabriel 's selfish roommate his irritating best friend and a vicious jealous drag queen in a gay dance club . the sun rises on a promising new relationship .
a businessman sinks million into a special project to help fight alzheimer 's disease . as part of this project medical biologist susan mcalester rather naughtily figures out a way to genetically enlarge shark brains so that disease -battling enzymes can be harvested . however the shark subjects become super smart and decide they don 't much like being cooped up in pens and being stabbed with hypodermics so they figure a way to break out and make for the open sea ...
in order to generate more endorsement revenue champion city 's resident superhero captain amazing arranges for the release of supervillain casanova frankenstein only to be captured by him . the city 's fate rests in the hands of seven loser superhero wannabes : the spoon -flinging blue rajah the shovel -wielding shoveler the possessed bowling ball -hurling bowler the flatulent spleen the only -when-nobody's-looking invisible boy the mysterious sphinx and the perpetually -angry mr . furious .
ike graham has his own by -lined column in usa today which he usually uses as a forum to rail against the opposite sex . for his latest column which he writes at the last minute as usual he based on some information from a stranger in a bar about a woman he knows of back home includes the story of still single hale maryland residing maggie carpenter who is known as the "runaway bride " since she has been engaged multiple times but always leaves her betrothed standing at the altar . because an incensed maggie complains to the newspaper for factual inaccuracies in her story ike is fired but he realizes that the story still has some life in it and thus decides to go to hale to do further investigation . he finds that maggie is again engaged now for the fourth time this time to high school football coach and adventurist bob kelly who is confident enough in himself to know he will be different than the previous three grooms . when maggie finds out that her arch enemy ike is in town maggie and ike begin a battle of outdoing the other maggie in an effort to get back at the man who ruined her reputation nationally and ike to expose maggie for the self -absorbed man -hater he believes she is . the problem for maggie is that many in hale including her family and bob actually seem to like ike . so maggie ends up taking a different approach in giving ike the full story for a price . in doing so maggie comes to an understanding of who she is as a person . both ike and maggie also begin to understand why maggie has left her previous grooms at the altar - ike 's understanding with a little help from his ex -wife with who he has a complex relationship - and what each is looking for in a loving relationship . but are maggie 's understanding and wants and ike 's understanding and wants the same ?
francis and blake falls are conjoined twins who live in a neat little room in a rundown hotel . while sharing some organs blake is always fit and francis is very sickly . into their world ...
jackie cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a mob protected card game causing the local criminal economy to collapse .
prize -fighter davy gordon intervenes when private dancer gloria price is being attacked by her employer and lover vincent raphello . this brings the two together and they get involved with each other which displeases raphello . he sends men out to kill davy but they instead kill his friend . gloria is soon kidnapped by raphello and his men and it is up to davy to save her .
in bce a thracian slave leads a revolt at a gladiatorial school run by lentulus batiatus . the uprising soon spreads across the italian peninsula involving thousand of slaves . the plan is to acquire sufficient funds to acquire ships from silesian pirates who could then transport them to other lands from brandisium in the south . the roman senator gracchus schemes to have marcus publius glabrus commander of the garrison of rome lead an army against the slaves who are living on vesuvius . when glabrus is defeated his mentor senator and general marcus licinius crassus is greatly embarrassed and leads his own army against the slaves . spartacus and the thousands of freed slaves successfully make their way to brandisium only to find that the silesians have abandoned them . they then turn north and must face the might of rome .
humbert humbert a divorced british professor of french literature travels to small -town america for a teaching position . he allows himself to be swept into a relationship with charlotte haze his widowed and sexually famished landlady whom he marries in order that he might pursue the woman 's -year-old flirtatious daughter lolita with whom he has fallen hopelessly in love but whose affections shall be thwarted by a devious trickster named clare quilty .
in the eighteenth century in a small village in ireland redmond barry is a young farm boy in love with his cousin nora brady . when nora gets engaged to the british captain john quin barry challenges him to a duel of pistols . he wins and escapes to dublin but is robbed on the road . without an alternative barry joins the british army to fight in the seven years war . he deserts and is forced to join the prussian army where he saves the life of his captain and becomes his protg and spy of the irish gambler chevalier de balibari . he helps chevalier and becomes his associate until he decides to marry the wealthy lady lyndon . they move to england and barry in his obsession of nobility dissipates her fortune and makes a dangerous and revengeful enemy .
moving story of a young boy who left without attention delves into a life of petty crime .
in paris before wwi two friends jules (austrian) and jim (french) fall in love with the same woman catherine . but catherine loves and marries jules . after the war when they meet again in germany catherine starts to love jim ... this is the story of three people in love a love which does not affect their friendship and about how their relationship evolves with the years .
psychics hired to find lost temple ...
an eccentric and dogmatic inventor sells his house and takes his family to central america to build a utopia in the middle of the jungle . conflicts with his family a local preacher and ...
eugene a young teenage jewish boy recalls his memoirs of his time as an adolescent youth . he lives with his parents his aunt two cousins and his brother stanley whom he looks up to ...
three sisters with quite different personalities and lives reunite when the youngest of them babe has just shot her husband . the oldest sister lenny takes care of their grandfather and ...
a black southern woman struggles to find her identity after suffering abuse from her father and others over four decades .
maverick chicago cop eddie jillette poses as a hit man to meet with someone in from new orleans looking to have a job done . the result is that both the guy and jillette 's partner wind up very dead while a stunning blonde in on the setup disappears . he heads south to settle the score and soon finds himself being hunted with the girl in tow and the local police anything but happy . new orleans may never be the same again .
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
seymour krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at mushnik 's a flower shop in urban skid row . he harbors a crush on fellow co -worker audrey fulquard and is berated by mr . mushnik daily . one day as seymour is seeking a new mysterious plant he finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls audrey ii . the plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper . soon enough seymour feeds audrey 's sadistic dentist boyfriend to the plant and later mushnik for witnessing the death of audrey 's ex . will audrey ii take over the world or will seymour and audrey defeat it ?
seymour krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at mushnik 's a flower shop in urban skid row . he harbors a crush on fellow co -worker audrey fulquard and is berated by mr . mushnik daily . one day as seymour is seeking a new mysterious plant he finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls audrey ii . the plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper . soon enough seymour feeds audrey 's sadistic dentist boyfriend to the plant and later mushnik for witnessing the death of audrey 's ex . will audrey ii take over the world or will seymour and audrey defeat it ?
allan quatermain once again teams up with jesse huston where the discovery of a mysterious old gold piece sends quatermain looking for his long -lost brother missing in the wilds of africa after seeking a lost white race .
morning after follows the story of a couple reconnecting after years of being apart . they wake up the morning after a party in each other 's arms . in an awkward hungover moment they need to overcome their differences and rekindle an old flame .
a nostalgic look at radio 's golden age focusing on one ordinary family and the various performers in the medium .
apprentice lawyer robin weathers turns a civil suit into a headline grabbing charade . he must re -examine his scruples after his shenanigans win him a promotion in his firm and he must now ...
lauren and sandy are total opposites who end up in the same acting class and who don 't know they are sharing a lover . when he disappears under mysterious circumstances they refuse to ...
terry is having an affair with his boss ' wife sylvia . one night after an office party they are together and sylvia witnesses an attack on denise from terry 's bedroom window . she doesn 't ...
a babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories --about a killer witch little red riding hood and a werewolf and a story about "goldi lox " and the three bears .
the siblings patty and joe rasnick live in an industrial suburb in cleveland ohio . while patty is focused on their rock band the barbusters joe also cares for the family and the ...
frances farmer a precocious seattle teenager takes unpopular social and political positions to the mixed reactions of her parents . frances becomes an actress and has some strong success in new york but her refusal to bend her convictions and her outspoken (but sometimes naive ) political expressiveness cause her difficulties especially after she accepts a hollywood contract . torn between new -found success and intense feelings that she does not deserve the riches and fame she gains from the phoniness of hollywood frances butts heads with studio executives and with her own mother who revels in frances 's fame but provides frances no emotional support . when drunken fights and arrests derail her career frances is sent to a psychiatric hospital with the acquiescence of her mother . what follows is a nightmare of poor treatment and psychological trauma augmented by the increasing determination of frances 's mother to control her daughter 's life .
susan traherne has been irreparably changed by her wartime experiences as a resistance fighter . she sets out in the post -war world to make her way to what she wants no matter who is hurt or how .
comedy about two high school girls who wander off during a class trip to the white house and meet president richard nixon . they become the official dog walkers for nixon 's dog checkers and become his secret advisors during the watergate scandal .
this is the story of a nine -year-old boy named hogarth hughes who makes friends with an innocent alien giant robot that came from outer space . meanwhile a paranoid u .s. government agent named kent mansley arrives in town determined to destroy the giant at all costs . it 's up to hogarth to protect him by keeping him at dean mccoppin 's place in the junkyard .
nathan gets the call that his pregnant wife has gone into labour . on his way to pick her up and take her to the hospital he accidentally runs someone over . rather than stop to help his victim he chooses to continue his journey and to help his wife . little does he know that his victim plans to get her revenge on nathan .
a very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork but may have met his match in a seductive detective .
a very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork but may have met his match in a seductive detective .
in june in dutchess county new york sebastian cole joins his mother step -father and sister for dinner . hank sebastian 's step -father drops a bomb : he announces he 's changing ...
it 's the start of the century and tuccio resident playwright of a theatre repertory company offers the owners of the company his new play "illuminata". they reject it saying it 's not finished and intrigue starts that involves influential critic bevalaqua theatre star celimene young lead actors and other theatre residents .
montreal canada . a down -on-his luck dentist "oz" oseransky (matthew perry ) discovers that his new neighbor is jimmy "the tulip " tudeski (bruce willis ) former mob contract killer turned police informant upon whom the hungarian mob has put on price on . egged on my his loathsome wife sophie (rosanna arquette ) oz sets off to chicago to let the mob know where the tulip is and hopefully claim part of the reward .
forty -nine year old bobby bowfinger is the owner /president of a hollywood -based production company bowfinger international pictures . the company has yet to produce a film bobby 's personal net worth is virtually zero and the company only has to its name invested into it personally by bobby every week since he first decided he wanted to make a movie when he was a child . bobby believes his fortunes will change when his accountant afrim changes hats and writes a science -fiction alien invasion screenplay that bobby thinks all studios will clamor for and has oscar written all over it . he has a small stable of followers who support his vision in being part of this movie which eventually includes daisy as the lead actress she a stereotypical small town girl looking to make it big in hollywood . having just arrived in town she does not know her way around the hollywood system ... except on her proverbial back . bobby is not averse to telling bald -faced lies in his singular focus in getting the picture made and distributed all on this as a starting point . it is using several of those lies that he is able to get a verbal confirmation from big studio executive jerry renfro to distribute the movie *if* it stars kit ramsey arguably the biggest action star in the world . using similar lies bobby however is unable to convince kit to star in the movie . kit who has a weakness for the laker girls is a self -absorbed and paranoid movie star whose life and thus career is largely directed behind the scenes by terry stricter the head of a new age religion called mindhead . bobby comes up with a scheme that he believes will get around kit not agreeing to star : film kit without him knowing that he is being filmed . the only person who knows of the scheme is dave bobby 's lowest of low level inside man turned cinematographer who has unofficial (i.e. technically stolen and thus free ) access to studio camera equipment and general knowledge of kit 's general day -to-day movements through the studio system . bobby is able to convince all the other actors that kit 's acting process involves he not interacting with them outside of filming the specific scenes he has with them . part of bobby 's scheme involves using kit 's general paranoia that aliens truly are invading the planet to get his gut reactions to what is happening within the context of the script . but bobby knows he has to get kit to scream the closing lines of the movie "gotcha suckas " for the movie to be a success . complications ensue when another of the the actors carol tries to go against bobby 's policy of not making contact with kit outside of filming and when bobby is required to hire a production assistant cum stunt double cum acting double whose job in part is to stand -in for the requisite kit ramsey naked ass shot . through it all bobby will know if he has made it in hollywood if he gets a specific sign specifically from the heavens in the form of fedex .
two women are arrested for smuggling while vacationing in thailand .
in four rebellious teenagers try to scam their way into a kiss concert .
two attractive young lesbians maggie and kim meet in vancouver develop a passionate romance and move in together . meanwhile maggie 's well -meaning but naive mother lila gets divorced ...
nineteen -year-old ari confronts both his sexuality and his greek family . ari despises his once -beloved parents former radical activists for having entombed themselves in insular tradition . ari is obsessed with gay sex although he does make an unenthusiastic attempt to satisfy the sister of one of his best friends . while all of this is going on he 's facing problems with his traditional greek parents who have no clue about his sexual activities .
in marcello mastroianni talks about life as an actor . it 's an anecdotal and philosophical memoir moving from topic to topic fully conscious of a man ^of a certain age ^ looking back . he tells stories about fellini and de sica 's direction of using irony in performances of constantly working (an actor tries to find himself in characters ). he 's diffident about prizes celebrates rome and paris salutes naples and its people . he answers the question why make bad films ; recalls his father and grandfather carpenters his mother deaf in her old age and his brother a film editor ; he 's modest about his looks . in repose time 's swift passage holds mastroianni inward gaze .
a los angeles rams quarterback accidentally taken away from his body by an overanxious angel before he was meant to die returns to life in the body of a recently murdered millionaire .
martin grant has been hiding for years to escape his past as a ruthless mercenary in the elite force raven team . he 's recently been engaged and are trying to forget the nightmares of murder and betrayal . martin was convinced that he could escape ... but no one escapes from the raven teams ruthless leader raven . at least not alive . raven is back with a new team to hunt down and eliminate grant ...
dr . warren chapin is a pathologist who regularly conducts autopsies on executed prisoners at the state prison . he has a theory that fear is the result of a creature that inhabits all of us ....
francis barnard goes to spain when he hears his sister elizabeth has died . her husband nicholas medina the son of the brutest torturer of the spanish inquisition tells him she has died of a blood disease but francis finds this hard to believe . after some investigating he finds out that it was extreme fear that was fatal to his sister and that she may have been buried alive ! strange things then start to happen in the medina castle .
a man 's obsession with his dead wife drives a wedge between him and his new bride .
with a deadly plague ravaging his renaissance kingdom prince prospero invites his friends to retire to the protection of his castle for ongoing revels leaving the peasantry to die . but fate is not so easily escaped by the debauched nobility . this film is roger corman 's second adapation of poe 's story a remake of the earlier version starring vincent price .
larry abbot speaker in the radio horror shows of manhattan mystery theater wants to marry . for the marriage he takes his fiance home to the castle where he grew up among his eccentric relatives . his uncle decides that he needs to be cured from a neurotic speech defect and exaggerated bursts of fear : he gives him a shock therapy with palace ghosts .
a stray cat is the linking element of three tales of suspense and horror .
after discovering his origins damien thorn must cope with life as the anti -christ.
a man afraid to fly must ensure that a plane lands safely after the pilots become sick .
a faulty computer causes a passenger space shuttle to head straight for the sun . can ted striker save the day and get the shuttle back on track - again ?
an american man unwittingly gets involved with french werewolves who have developed a serum allowing them to transform at will .
the griswold family are on a quest . a quest to a walley world theme park for a family vacation but things aren 't going to go exactly as planned especially when clark griswold is losing all thought towards a mysterious blonde in a red ferrari .
when andy and elizabeth buy a farm in vermont they can 't imagine the trouble that awaits them . andy has quit his job as a sports journalist and is planning to use the peace and quiet of the country to write the great american novel . from the moment the movers ' truck gets lost with their furniture though there 's little peace and less quiet . from a manical mailman to a dead body buried in the garden andy is distracted by the town and its wacky inhabitants . his effort at a novel is mediocre at best and he 's threatened by elizabeth 's foray into writing when she attempts a children 's book . can the farmers survive the townsfolk and each other ?
when a pre -teen boy wishes to be big at a magic wish machine he wakes up the next morning and finds himself in an adult body .
a young boy is just short of a monster . he is adopted by a loving man and his wacky wife . the laughs keep coming as the boy pushes them to the limits .
junior 's back in his first adventure since his last ! junior and ben move to mortville which seems like the perfect town to live in . the healys have a nice new house --and junior get 's a cool new room ! and young women have formed a line at ben 's door in order to get a piece of him (romantically). ben does feel he should get remarried so junior can have a mom so while junior adjusts to his new school which includes a little girl who 's as bratty as junior and a teenage brain -dead ignoramous bully in junior 's sixth grade class ben finds some dates which junior sends running for the hills in the meantime junior pulls his infamous tricks on people : blowing up barbecues taping the bully to the chalkboard videotaping his babysitter and her boyfriend having sex and broadcasting it for the whole neighborhood to see same old same old . meanwhile ben meets the gorgeous school nurse (after the school 's satellite dish get 's pushed on his head ) and they well he believes it 's love at first site until he meets lawanda dumore a greedy business women who wants to marry ben and send junior to boarding school --in baghdad ! so junior and his new friend trixie must get rid of lawanda (any way possible !) to bring their parents together !
a young boy whose dreams transcend reality is sucked into his own fantasy which is everything he has dreamed of until he unleashes a century old secret that may not only destroy this perfect dream world but reality itself .
in mid england oscar is a young anglican priest a misfit and an outcast but with the soul of an angel . as a boy even though from a strict pentecostal family he felt god told him ...
mac mckussic is an unlikely drug dealer who wants to go straight . his old and best friend nick frescia is now a cop who is assigned to investigate and bring him to justice . mac is very ...
two supreme court justices have been killed . now a college professor who clerked for one of the two men who 's also having an affair with one of his students is given a brief by her that states who probably wanted to see these two men dead . he then gives it to one of his friends who works for the fbi . when the fbi director reads it he is fascinated by it . one of the president 's men who read it is afraid that if it ever got out the president could be smeared . so he advises the president to tell the director to drop it which he does . but later the professor and the girl were out and he was drunk and when he refused to give her the keys she stepped out of the car . when he started it it blew up . she then discovers that her place has been burglarized and what was taken were her computer and her disks . obviously her brief has someone agitated . she then turns to her boyfriend 's friend at the fbi he agrees to come meet her but before he does someone shoots him and takes his place . at the meeting he was about to kill her when someone shoots him . she then decides to turn to gray grantham an investigative reporter who was contacted by someone who says he has info on the killings but backed out at the last minute . he then meets her and tells her what her brief is and basically the man she suspects is a good friend of the president who is trying to manipulate the outcome of a trial that is now before the supreme court . grantham tells her that her brief can harm the president and all what they have are theories he asks her to help him but she wants to leave the country . then grantham 's editor tells him that they have nothing ; that he should drop cause the man she implicated is extremely powerful . grantham 's about to drop it when she says that she will help him . but can they stay alive ?
the touching story of how santa claus came to be santa .
an english auctioneer proposes to the daughter of a mafia kingpin only to realize that certain "favors" would be asked of him .
the story of a girl who is willing to do anything to become valedictorian even if it means murdering the teacher that stands in her way .
an elite team of soldiers has been used against terrorists where they use astounding physical capabilities to overcome them . victoria a reporter follows them and discovers a part of their secret . when one of the team kills her cameraman she tries to escape . luc one of the soldiers begins to have flashbacks and turns sides and helps her as the remainder of the team follows to protect their secrets .
an elite team of soldiers has been used against terrorists where they use astounding physical capabilities to overcome them . victoria a reporter follows them and discovers a part of their secret . when one of the team kills her cameraman she tries to escape . luc one of the soldiers begins to have flashbacks and turns sides and helps her as the remainder of the team follows to protect their secrets .
seth winnick has it all : a successful career in television good friends and a passionate relationship with beautiful chelsea . however when he fails to make a timely marriage proposal chelsea tries to make his life hell .
mima leaves the idol group cham in order to pursue her dream as an actress . mima climbs up the rocky road to success by performing as rape victims and posing nude for magazines but is haunted by her reflections of the past .
jeff cole is a recent graduate of the cincinnati police academy who dreams of working undercover . his wish is granted and through success is given the task of taking down state -wide crack ...
when doug 's father an air force pilot is shot down by migs belonging to a radical middle eastern state no one seems able to get him out . doug finds chappy an air force colonel who is intrigued by the idea of sending in two fighters piloted by himself and doug to rescue doug 's father after bombing the mig base . their only problems : borrowing two fighters getting them from california to the mediteranean without anyone noticing and doug 's inability to hit anything unless he has music playing . then come the minor problems of the state 's air defenses .
general chappy sinclair assembles a joint u .s.- soviet strike team to take out a rogue middle eastern nuclear base .
three beautiful and brilliant college students brooke (lacey toups ) elle (christina morris ) and pieti (sheena chou ) find a lucrative way to put their mathematical skills to the test : high -stakes poker .
a bookish cia researcher finds all his co -workers dead and must outwit those responsible until he figures out who he can really trust .
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
an eccentric scientist working for a large drug company is working on a research project in the amazon jungle . he sends for a research assistant and a gas chromatograph because he 's close ...
the story of three young boxers and their coach who is determined to guide them in a positive direction in and out of the ring .
a man having fallen in love with the wrong woman is sent by the sultan himself on a diplomatic mission to a distant land as an ambassador . stopping at a viking village port to restock on supplies he finds himself unwittingly embroiled on a quest to banish a mysterious threat in a distant viking land .
a pair of shuttle astronauts leave their spacecraft to repair a satellite . there 's an explosion . nasa loses contact for two minutes but the both are rescued and safely returned to earth . eventually it becomes evident that neither of the astronauts is quite the same .
based on the 's-era cartoon of the same name . royal canadian mountie dudley do -right is busy keeping the peace in his small mountain town when his old rival snidely whiplash comes up with a plot to buy all the property in town then start a phony gold rush by seeding the river with nuggets . can this well -meaning (though completely incompetent ) mountie stop whiplash 's evil plan ?
on a sunny day david the artist struggles to be inspired to draw something wonderful . he sees everyone as hypocrites and is creatively blocked . melinda the muse appears to give him a push in the right direction .
a new biological chemical weapon that explodes up to temperatures over fifty degrees fahrenheit falls into the hands of two men who try to make sure that it doesn 't get stolen by a terrorist .
a boy from pawtucket rhode island caught up in the drug scene of the mid gets in trouble one too many times with the law . to stave off a jail term his father arranges for him to be placed into a prep school in cornwall connecticut . the terms : graduate or else .
in april civil war breaks out ; beirut is partitioned along a moslem -christian line . tarek is in high school making super movies with his friend omar . at first the war is a lark : ...
a priest from the vatican is sent to sao paulo brazil to investigate the appearance of the face of the virgin mary on the side of a building . while there he hears of a statue of the virgin mary bleeding tears in a small town outside of the city . meanwhile a young woman in the u .s. begins to show signs of stigmata the wounds of christ . the priest from the vatican links up with her and cares for her as she is increasingly afflicted by the stigmata . her ranting and raving finally begins to make sense to the priest who starts to question what his religion has stood for for the last years .
a man is hypnotized at a party by his sister -in law . he soon has visions and dreams of a ghost of a girl . trying to avoid this nearly pushes him to brink of insanity as the ghost wants something from him - to find out how she died . the only way he can get his life back is finding out the truth behind her death . the more he digs the more he lets her in the shocking truth behind her death puts his whole family in danger .
train heartnet is a famous assassin known as black cat . he works for chronos an organization that secretly controls the world . however he begins to question the morality of his actions after he befriends two bounty hunters named saya and sven a thief named rinslet and a young girl named eve .
a cold -blooded serial killer floats around the country and chooses his victims from people who complain about their lives and indicate a willingness to be killed . his murders are introduced with the killing of an asthmatic junkie . the killer settles into a seaside rooming house run by an unhappy married couple and waits for his next victims to unveil themselves . dream cops plague his nights while plotting his murders . meanwhile he also starts a relationship with a postal clerk .
in a virtually all -white iowa town flip daydreams of being a hip -hop star hanging with snoop doggy dogg and dr . dre . he practices in front of a mirror and with his two pals james and trevor . he talks black slang he dresses black . he 's also a wannabe pusher selling flour as cocaine . and while he talks about "keeping it real " he hardly notices real life around him : his father 's been laid off his mother uses food stamps his girlfriend is pregnant james may be psychotic one of his friends (one of the town 's few black kids ) is preparing for college and on a trip to chicago to try to buy drugs the cops shoot real bullets . what will it take for flip to get real ?
the adventures of a young cat and a dog as they find themselves accidentally separated and each swept into a hazardous trek .
at a remote south american trading port the manager of an air freight company is forced to risk his pilots ' lives in order to win an important contract .
the moorish general othello is manipulated into thinking that his new wife desdemona has been carrying on an affair with his lieutenant michael cassio when in reality it is all part of the scheme of a bitter ensign named iago .
when childhood friends al dennis and eliot get together for ray 's wedding which may or may not happen they end up on a roller -coaster ride through reality . during one tumultuous crazy ...
brewster seems to be an almost too perfect example of idyllic small -town america with everyone living in peace and harmony . so when newcomer whiley pritcher starts up his own local cable tv show with the question "what's wrong with brewster ?" there surely can 't be any deep dark secrets in the town that are just waiting to come to the surface - or can there ? and when the question becomes "who's wrong with brewster ?" things start getting seriously nasty
two lovers stationed at a remote base in the asteroid fields of saturn are intruded upon by a retentive technocrat from earth and his charge : a malevolent -ft robot . remember in space no one can hear you scream ...
american soldier returns to the us after the wwii and hitchhikes back to california across south . when he catches a bus in south louisiana and meets some locals a short interaction with few of them makes him realize that the war he fought overseas is far from over .
alice tate mother of two with a marriage of years finds herself falling for the handsome sax player joe . stricken with a backache she consults dr . yang an oriental herbalist who realizes that her problems are not related to her back but in her mind and heart . dr . yang 's magical herbs give alice wondrous powers taking her out of well -established rut .
a collection of short stories . in one a woman who leaves her house late at night to drive to the store while a killer is loose encounters some problems . in the second an arcade whiz kid 's obsession with a game leads to deadly consequences . in the third a small town priest loses his faith and decides to leave town but in the desert is stalked by a mysterious black pick -up truck . in the final story a family 's problem with a rat is larger than they think .
when two teenagers make prank phone calls to strangers they become the target for terror when they whisper "i saw what you did and i know who you are !" to psychopath steve marek who has just murdered his wife . but somebody else knows of the terrible crime that was committed that night the killer 's desperately amorous neighbor amy nelson .
the beatles agree to accompany captain fred in his yellow submarine and go to pepperland to free it from the music hating blue meanies .
lester and carolyn burnham are on the outside a perfect husband and wife in a perfect house in a perfect neighborhood . but inside lester is slipping deeper and deeper into a hopeless depression . he finally snaps when he becomes infatuated with one of his daughter 's friends . meanwhile his daughter jane is developing a happy friendship with a shy boy -next-door named ricky who lives with an abusive father .
david byrne walks onto the stage and does a solo "psycho killer ." jerry harrison tina weymouth and chris frantz join him for two more songs . the crew is busy still setting up . then three more musicians and two back -up singers join the band . everybody sings plays harmonizes dances and runs . they change instruments and clothes . bryne appears in the big suit . the backdrop is often black but sometimes it displays words images or children 's drawings . the band cooks for songs the lyrics are clear the house rocks . in this concert film the talking heads hardly talk don 't stop and always make sense .
miles logan is a jewel thief who just hit the big time by stealing a huge diamond . however after two years in jail he comes to find out that he hid the diamond in a police building that was being built at the time of the robbery . in an attempt to regain his diamond he poses as an l .a.p.d. detective ...
a washed up pitcher flashes through his career .
the rise and fall of the notorious roman emperor caligula showing the violent methods that he employs to gain the throne and the subsequent insanity of his reign - he gives his horse political office and humiliates and executes anyone who even slightly displeases him . he also sleeps with his sister organises elaborate orgies and embarks on a fruitless invasion of britain before meeting an appropriate end . there are various versions of the film ranging from the heavily truncated -minute version to the legendary -minute hardcore version which leaves nothing to the imagination (though the hardcore scenes were inserted later and do not involve the main cast members ).
an average calm mid girl named veronica restarts her dead dating life all of the sudden but with two guys : a sensitive failed writer named abel and an airheaded drummer named zed . at ...
the musical career of rock and roll pioneer buddy holly is chronicled from the days when "peggy sue " was "cindy lou " a song about his first girlfriend to the meteoric run of "that'll be the day " up the charts to his marriage breakup with the crickets reunion with the crickets and untimely death .
a remake of the original teenager charley brewster (yelchin) guesses that his new neighbor jerry dandrige (farrell) is a vampire responsible for a string of recent deaths . when no one he knows believes him he enlists peter vincent (tennant) a self proclaimed vampire killer and las vegas magician to help him take down jerry .
a young couple moves their struggling family to a small town where a mysterious neighbor becomes a threat to their very existence .
new yorkers paul bratter and corie bratter ne banks have just gotten married . he is a stuffed shirt just starting his career as a lawyer . she is an independently minded free spirit who prides herself on doing the illogical purely out of a sense of adventure such acts as walking through washington square park barefoot when it 's outside . their six day honeymoon at the plaza hotel shows that they can get to know each other easily in the biblical sense . but they will see if they can get to know each other in their real life when they move into their first apartment a cozy (in other words small ) slightly broken down top floor unit in a five story walk -up. while corie joyfully bounds up and down the stairs paul always winded after the fact hates the fact of having to walk up the six flights of stairs if one includes the stairs that comprise the outside front stoop . beyond the issues with the apartment itself paul and corie will have to deal with an odd assortment of neighbors most specifically eccentric senior victor velasco who lives in the unusual attic and who would like to consider himself a dirty old man . corie worried about her single straight -laced mother ethel banks wants to set her up with victor . without corie or paul truly realizing it ethel and victor as a twosome is as illogical as corie and paul . what happens between ethel and victor may be a predictor if corie and paul 's marriage can make it in the long run .
the cahulawassee river valley in northern georgia is one of the last natural pristine areas of the state which will soon change with the imminent building of a dam on the river which in turn will flood much of the surrounding land . as such four atlanta city slickers - alpha male lewis medlock generally even -keeled ed gentry slightly condescending bobby trippe and wide -eyed drew ballinger - decide to take a multi -day canoe trip on the river with only lewis and ed having experience in outdoor life . they know going in that the area is ethno -culturally homogeneous and isolated but don 't understand the full extent of such until they arrive and see what they believe is the result of generations of inbreeding . their relatively peaceful trip takes a turn for the worse when half way through they encounter a couple of hillbilly moonshiners . that encounter not only makes the four battle their way out of the valley intact and alive but threatens the relationships of the four as they do and are asked to do things they never thought possible within themselves .
the myth of king arthur brought once again to the screen . uthur pendragon is given the mystical sword excalibur by the wizard merlin . at his death uthur buries the sword into a stone and the next man that can pull it out will be king of england . years later arthur uthur 's bastard son draws excalibur and becomes king . guided by merlin arthur marries guenivere and gathers the knights of the round table . arthur 's evil half -sister morgana sires a son with him who may prove his downfall .
employees of the sleeptite pajama factory are looking for a whopping seven -and-a-half cent an hour increase and they won 't take no for an answer . babe williams is their feisty employee representative but she may have found her match in shop superintendent sid sorokin . when the two get together they wind up discussing a whole lot more than job actions !
a farmer 's wife begins to suspect that the man in her bed is an impostor after he returns home from the civil war .
the tiny girl meets a fairy prince who saves her from the creatures of the woods .
nora walker is told that her british fighter pilot husband is missing in action and presumed killed in world war ii . on v .e. day nora gives birth to their son who she names tommy . while tommy is an adolescent nora marries frank a shifty camp counselor . shortly thereafter tommy suffers an emotionally traumatic experience associated with his father and step -father which based on things told to him at that time results in him becoming deaf dumb and blind a situation which several people exploit for their own pleasure . as nora tries several things to bring tommy out of his psychosomatic disabilities tommy now a young man happens upon pinball as a stimulus . playing by intuition tommy becomes a pinball master which in turn makes him and by association nora and frank rich and famous . nora literally shatters tommy to his awakening which ultimately leads to both the family 's rise and downfall as people initially try to emulate tommy 's path then rebel against it .
before being able to join alpha sigma rho fraternity and its sister sorority four pledges must spend the night in garth manor twelve years to the day after the previous resident murdered his entire family . some however say that one member of the garth family survived and still resides somewhere in the now -deserted mansion .
jackie chan plays an ex -singer-turned-fortune-hunter whose ex -girlfriend is kidnapped by an evil cult . her fiance an old friend of jackie 's turns to him for help - as the kidnappers intended ... lots of cooool jackie style action and laughs .
a woman framed for her husband 's murder suspects he is still alive ; as she has already been tried for the crime she can 't be re -prosecuted if she finds and kills him .
in poland a jewish shop keeper named jakob is summoned to ghetto headquarters after being caught out near curfew . while waiting for the german kommondant jakob overhears a german ...
in the small town of mumford a psychologist of the same name moves in and quickly becomes very popular despite a questionable past .
sex comedy takes a look at contemporary dating mores and hypothesizes that the new dating location may be the dog walk in the park . a mild -mannered man loses his present girl friend to ...
a young girl from an affluent family rebels and becomes involved with a much older photographer .
elmo loves his fuzzy blue blanket and would never let anything happen to it . however a tug -of-war with his friend zoe sends his blanket to a faraway land and elmo in hot pursuit . facing life without his cherished blanket elmo musters all of his determination and courage and heads off on an action -packed rescue mission that plunges him into grouchland a place full of grouchy creatures stinky garbage and the villainous huxley . along the way elmo learns an important lesson about sharing realizing that he was selfish with his friend and responsible for what happened .
basketball superstar dennis rodman stars as a hip interpol agent attempting to defeat the deadly plans of a crazed arms dealer .
a high school girl must find a substitute date to escort her to the prom .
a small group of adventurous american soldiers in iraq at the end of the gulf war are determined to steal a huge cache of gold reputed to be hidden somewhere near their desert base . finding a map they believe will take them to the gold they embark on a journey that leads to unexpected discoveries enabling them to rise to a heroic challenge that drastically changes their lives .
happy takes us on a journey from the swamps of louisiana to the slums of kolkata in search of what really makes people happy . combining real life stories of people from around the world and powerful interviews with the leading scientists in happiness research happy explores the secrets behind our most valued emotion .
maas and hosaka are two large corporations in the future world . they are fighting to get control over the best minds of the world . the best is hiroshi and at the moment he is working for the maas corporation . fox has accepted an offer to persuade hiroshi to go over to the hosaka corporation . sandii is a little italian girl from japan and she should be the way to get to hiroshi . x is the man who should train sandii to break hiroshi 's heart . but if x falls in love with sandii ? and if the hosaka corporation breaks the agreement ? and if sandii is not a little italian girl ?
will plunkett and captain james macleane two men from different ends of the social spectrum in -century england enter a gentlemen 's agreement : they decide to rid the aristocrats of ...
although deeply in love with her boyfriend - and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him - a schoolteacher cannot handle the almost complete lack of intimacy he will allow . increasingly frustrated she gradually finds her sexual appetites leading her into ever more risky situations including a developing one with the headmaster .
in july a luxury cruise ship leaves italy with the ashes of the famous opera singer tetua . the boat is filled with her friends opera singers actors and all kinds of exotic people . life is sweet the first days but on the third day the captain has to save a a large number of serbian refugees from the sea refugees who has escaped the first tremors of wwi .
when thad beaumont was a child he had an operation to remove a tumour from his brain . during the operation it was discovered that far from being a tumor the growth was a twin brother of thad 's that never developed . years later thad is a successful author writing his serious books under his own name and his pulp money -makers under the pseudonum "george stark ". when blackmailed by someone who has discovered his secret thad publically "buries" george stark . from that point on thad increasingly becomes the prime suspect in a series of gruesome murders .
lemuel gulliver has been working in the mail room of a new york daily newspaper for the past ten years . afraid to put himself out there he considers himself a loser as do all his peers . one day after having finally had enough he decides to declare his flame to the beautiful darcy silverman the newspaper 's travel editor and one of gulliver 's only friends ...only to chicken out at the last minute and instead tell her that he 'd like to try his hand at writing a column . darcy accepts and sends him on an assignment to the bermuda triangle . there gulliver becomes shipwrecked and ends up on the island of liliput where he is twelve taller than the tallest man . for the first time gulliver has people looking up to him ...
when allan becomes a quadriplegic he loses all hope for living until he meets ella - a monkey trained to fetch and carry for him around the house obeying him in all things . but ella is part of another experiment and when she starts responding to allan 's underlying rage and frustration she has the ability to carry out her master 's darkest wishes .
a teenage boy and his friends face off against a mysterious grave robber known only as the tall man who keeps a lethal arsenal of terrible weapons with him .
after twenty -two years of psychiatric care norman bates attempts to return to a life of solitude but the specters of his crimes - and his mother - continue to haunt him .
norman bates is back again running his "quiet" little motel a month after the events in psycho ii . norman meets three new people one being a beautiful young nun with whom his budding relationship is beginning to make his "mother" jealous . he also hires a young man in need of a job to take care of the motel . a snooping reporter is showing interest in norman 's case . what will these new friends do for norman ?
a prostitute finds redemption in pago pago thanks to a hard missionary man .
a crafty samurai helps a young man and his fellow clansmen save his uncle who has been framed and imprisoned by a corrupt superintendent .
after the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash harrison ford and kristin scott thomas find each others ' keys in each others loved ones ' possessions and realize that they were having an affair and must figure out all the details .
a nerdy catholic schoolgirl mary katherine gallagher dreams of superstardom .
based on actual events . brandon teena is the popular new guy in a tiny nebraska town . he hangs out with the guys drinking cussing and bumper surfing and he charms the young women who 've never met a more sensitive and considerate young man . life is good for brandon now that he 's one of the guys and dating hometown beauty lana ; however he 's forgotten to mention one important detail . it 's not that he 's wanted in another town for gta and other assorted crimes but that brandon teena was actually born a woman named teena brandon . when his best friends make this discovery brandon 's life is ripped apart .
an ex -con fresh out of prison goes to l .a. to try to learn who murdered his daughter . however he quickly finds that he is completely out of place with no understanding of the culture he finds . his investigations are helped by another ex -con. together they learn that his daughter had been having an affair with a record producer who is presently having an affair with another young woman . an aging actress who also knew his daughter forces him to look at his own failures as a father . the movie does focus on the drama of the situation and the inter -relationships of the characters and seldom slips into an action piece .
an anthropologist from an alien planet provides voice -over commentary for a documentary look at human courtship mating and reproduction : "complex perverse tragically beautiful : the earthbound human ." the commentary gets some of the details comically wrong (explaining the slap on a newborn 's back : "they don 't like the looks of the child so they beat it ") but gets right the overall idea . we follow billy and jenny from their meeting at a club initial misunderstandings his losing her phone number finally connecting walks on the beach soulful talks meeting each other 's parents friends ' advice and the gradual taking of the relationship to new levels .
a suburban chicago teenager 's parents leave on vacation and he cuts loose . an unauthorised trip in his father 's porsche means a sudden need for lots of money which he raises in a creative way .
when a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet mars an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or does he ?
ned racine is a seedy small town lawyer in florida . during a searing heatwave he 's picked up by married matty walker . a passionate affair commences but it isn 't long before they realise the only thing standing in their way is matty 's rich husband edmund . a plot hatches to kill him but will they pull it off ?
high school student ferris bueller wants a day off from school and he 's developed an incredibly sophisticated plan to pull it off . he talks his friend cameron into taking his father 's prized ferrari and with his girlfriend sloane head into chicago for the day . while they are taking in what the city has to offer school principal ed rooney is convinced that ferris is not for the first time playing hooky for the day and is hell bent to catch him out . ferris has anticipated that much to rooney 's chagrin .
a young australian reporter tries to navigate the political turmoil of indonesia during the rule of president sukarno with the help of a diminutive photographer .
this tale centers around the love between baptiste a theater mime and claire reine an actress and otherwise woman -about-town who calls herself garance . garance in turn is loved by three other men : frederick a pretentious actor ; lacenaire a conniving thief ; and count edouard of montray . the story is further complicated by nathalie an actress who is in love with baptiste . garance and baptiste meet when garance is falsely accused of stealing a man 's watch . garance is forced to enter the protection of count edouard when she is innocently implicated in a crime committed by lacenaire . in the intervening years of separation both garance and baptiste become involved in loveless relationships with the count and nathalie respectively . baptiste is the father of a son . returning to paris garance finds that baptiste has become a famous mime actor . nathalie sends her child to foil their meeting but baptiste and garance manage one night together . lacenaire murders edouard . in the last scenes garance is returning to edouard 's hotel and disaster as baptiste struggles after her through crowds of merrymakers many dressed as his famous character .
a stranger rides into in the dusty mining town of lago where the townspeople are living in the shadow of a dark secret . after a shootout leaves the town 's hired -gun protectors dead the town 's leaders petition the stranger to stay and protect them from three ruthless outlaws who are soon to be released from prison . the three have their sights set on returning to lago to wreak havoc and take care of some unfinished business . a series of events soon has the townspeople questioning whether siding with the stranger was a wise idea as they quickly learn the price that they each must pay for his services . as the outlaws make their way back into lago they discover that the town is not exactly as they had left it and waiting in the shadows is the stranger ready to expose the town 's secret and serve up his own brand of justice .
when an innocent man barely survives a lynching he returns as a lawman determined to bring the vigilantes to justice .
this movie interlaces the stories of several characters in a small town united by their use of cb (citizen's band ) radio . paul lemat is the local cb coordinator who has time for little else in his life . his father roberts blossom is a sour old man who is nice on the radio . charles napier is a trucker hospitalized after an accident with hilarious consequences .
the father of wong fei -hong who has been attempting to teach his son kung -fu but has found him too disobedient to teach and decides to send him off to his uncle a cruel and torturous master of the -drunken genii kung -fu. after much suffering the son comes back to rescue the father from an assassin who has also previously humiliated naughty panther .
this story opens in in rome where marcello has just taken a job working for mussollini and is courting a beautiful young woman who will make him even more of a conformist . marcello is going to paris on his honeymoon and his bosses have an assignment for him there . look up an old professor who fled italy when the fascists came into power . at the border of italy and france where marcello and his bride have to change trains his bosses give him a gun with a silencer . in a flashback to we learn why sex and violence are linked in marcello 's mind .
pleasantly plump teenager tracy turnblad teaches baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local tv dance show .
meeting a stranger in a railway station a woman is tempted to cheat on her husband .
a jittery customer forces a barber to use desperate measures .
a radical american journalist becomes involved with the communist revolution in russia and hopes to bring its spirit and idealism to the united states .
the story of u .s. fighter pilots shot down over north vietnam who became pows for up to and a half years .
bill and abby a young couple who to the outside world pretend to be brother and sister are living and working in chicago at the beginning of the century . they want to escape the poverty and hard labor of the city and travel south . together with the girl linda (who acts as the narrator in the movie ) they find employment on a farm in the texas panhandle . when the harvest is over the young rich and handsome farmer invites them to stay because he has fallen in love with abby . when bill and abby discover that the farmer is seriously ill and has only got a year left to live they decide that abby will accept his wedding proposal in order to make some benefit out of the situation . when the expected death fails to come jealousy and impatience are slowly setting in and accidents become eventually inevitable .
a trio of classy card sharps targets the socially awkward heir to brewery millions for his money until one of them falls in love with him .
sullivan is a successful spoiled and naive director of fluff films with a heart -o-gold who decides he wants to make a film about the troubles of the downtrodden poor . much to the chagrin of his producers he sets off in tramp 's clothing with a single dime in his pocket to experience poverty first -hand and gets some reality shock .
gerry and tom jeffers are finding married life hard . tom is an inventor / architect and there is little money for them to live on . they are about to be thrown out of their apartment when gerry meets rich businessman being shown around as a prospective tenant . he gives gerry to start life afresh but tom refuses to believe her story and they quarrel . gerry decides the marriage is over and heads to palm beach for a quick divorce but tom has plans to stop her .
a patient in a mental hospital claims to be an extraterrestial . could he be right ?
as two couples are visiting niagara falls tensions between one wife and her husband reach the level of murder .
just arrived in argentina small -time crooked gambler johnny farrell is saved from a gunman by sinister ballin mundson who later makes johnny his right -hand man . but their friendship based on mutual lack of scruples is strained when mundson returns from a trip with a wife : the supremely desirable gilda whom johnny once knew and learned to hate . the relationship of johnny and gilda a battlefield of warring emotions becomes even more bizarre after mundson disappears ...
can a girl from little rock find happiness with a mature french planter she got to know one enchanted evening away from the military hospital where she is a nurse ? or should she just wash that man out of her hair ? bloody mary is the philosopher of the island and it 's hard to believe she could be the mother of liat who has captured the heart of lt . joseph cable usmc . while waiting for action in the war in the south pacific sailors and nurses put on a musical comedy show . the war gets closer and the saga of nellie forbush and emile de becque becomes serious drama .
alex owens is a female dynamo : steel worker by day exotic dancer by night . her dream is to get into a real dance company though and with encouragement from her boss /boyfriend she may get her chance . the city of pittsburgh co -stars. what a feeling !
this story is set in at the time when french colonial rule in indochina is ending . a widowed french woman who works in the rubber fields raises a vietnamese princess as if she was her own daughter . she and her daughter both fall in love with a young french navy officer which will change both their lives significantly .
a major with an attitude problem and a history of getting things done is told to interview military prisoners with death sentences or long terms for a dangerous mission ; to parachute behind enemy lines and cause havoc for the german generals at a rest house on the eve of d -day.
betty has a crush on her tennis coach mike . he keeps on promising to call but never does - she doesn 't know that he 's a little dealer . after a failed deal in someone else 's district he has to disappear for three months . he contacts betty again but she waits in vain - he 's killed before they meet . now she tries to find out what happened asks around among his friends . this leads her right into the drug scenery .
ringo finds himself the human sacrifice target of a cult and the band must try to protect him from it .
bond is back and his next mission takes him to fort knox where auric goldfinger and his henchman are planning to raid fort knox and obliterate the world economy . to save the world once again bond will need to become friends with goldfinger dodge killer hats and avoid goldfinger 's personal pilot the sexy pussy galore . she might not have feelings for bond but will help her change her mind ?
james bond is on the search for a russian decoding machine known as lektor . bond needs to find this machine before the evil spectre organization discovers it first . whilst being romantically linked with russian girl tatiana romanova bond sneaks his way around istanbul whilst each spectre agent tries to pick him off including the over powering donald 'red' grant and ex -kgb agent rosa klebb who knows all the tricks in the books and even possesses an incredible poison tipped shoe !
james bond is britain 's top agent and is on an exciting mission to solve the mysterious murder of a fellow agent . the task sends him to jamaica where he joins forces with quarrel and a loyal cia agent felix leiter . while dodging tarantulas "fire breathing dragons " and a trio of assassins known as the three blind mice . bond meets up with the beautiful honey ryder and goes face to face with the evil dr . no .
a mirage a fantasy a dream come true ; a single man stranded on a deserted island finds reprise one morning when a boat carrying gorgeous models drops anchor . luckily for our man it 's not a mirage or a fantasy ; it 's a dream come true . his only responsibility is to choose one of the five stunning models to spend the entire week on the desert island with .
a wandering gunfighter plays two rival families against each other in a town torn apart by greed pride and revenge .
sydney was a sitcom about a woman named sydney (bertinelli) who moves her new york detective agency to her hometown with her younger brother (perry) a rookie cop tagging along .
a sovereign woman is lost in new york .
a married new york cop falls for the socialite murder witness he 's been assigned to protect .
a nameless first person narrator (edward norton ) attends support groups in attempt to subdue his emotional state and relieve his insomniac state . when he meets marla (helena bonham carter ) another fake attendee of support groups his life seems to become a little more bearable . however when he associates himself with tyler (brad pitt ) he is dragged into an underground fight club and soap making scheme . together the two men spiral out of control and engage in competitive rivalry for love and power . when the narrator is exposed to the hidden agenda of tyler 's fight club he must accept the awful truth that tyler may not be who he says he is .
two jilted lovers spend fifteen years of marriage together only to find that they might no longer love each other . in this time they have two children and go through the various (dramatic and comical ) events that take place in an average marriage .
lindsay is stuck in the middle of her relationship with ben and his passion for the boston red sox .
o mio babbino caro plays as a woman skates gracefully . in contrast little is graceful and daddy is not dear in julien 's world . his father listens to blues wearing a gas mask ; dad prods lectures and derides julien as well as julien 's brother and pregnant sister while grandma attends to her dog . julien is different schizophrenic . he wears gold teeth . he bowls sings worships and chats with a group of young adults with disabilities . his sister 's child is probably his own . he talks on the phone imagining it 's his mother who died in childbirth years before . he may be a murderer of children . from his point of view (perhaps) the film follows this odd family for a few weeks .
this film is about an upside down world where being homosexual is considered "normal" and heterosexual is considered "not normal ".
preston tylk is an ordinary guy living in seattle . when he discovers that his wife emily whom he adores is having an affair he is devastated . storming out of the house he returns later only to find her brutally murdered .
a young boy 's wardrobe contains a time hole . through this hole an assortment of short people (i.e. dwarfs ) come while escaping from their master the supreme being . they take kevin with them on their adventures through time from napoleonic times to the middle ages to the early to the time of legends and the fortress of ultimate darkness where they confront evil .
a man and a woman meet by accident on a sunday evening at their childrens ' boarding school . slowly they reveal themselves to each other finding that each is a widow /widower. each is slow ...
the story of brian sweeney fitzgerald an extremely determined man who intends to build an opera house in the middle of a jungle .
choreographing and picking dancers for his current show whilst editing his feature film about a stand -up comedian is getting to joe gideon . without the chemical substances he would not have the energy to keep up with his girlfriend his ex -wife and his special dancing daughter . they attempt to bring him back from the brink but it 's too late for his exhausted body and stress -ravaged heart . he chain -smokes uses drugs sleeps with his dancers and overworks himself into open -heart surgery . scenes from his past life start to encroach on the present and he becomes increasingly aware of his mortality .
in china a young woman is sent by her father to marry the leprous owner of a winery . in the nearby red sorghum fields she falls for one of his servants . when the master dies she finds herself inheriting the isolated business .
judah rosenthal is an ophthalmologist and a pillar of the community who has a big problem : his mistress dolores paley has told him that he is to leave his wife and marry her - as he had promised to do - or she will tell everyone of their affair . when he intercepts a letter dolores has written to his wife miriam he is frantic . he confesses all to his shady brother jack who assures him that he has friends who can take care of her . meanwhile filmmaker cliff stern is having his own problems . he 's been working on a documentary film for some time but has yet to complete it . he and his wife wendy have long ago stopped loving one another and are clearly on their way to divorce . he falls in love with halley reed who works with a producer lester . cliff soon finds himself making a documentary about lester and hates every minute of it .
genetically mutated bats escape and it 's up to a bat expert and the local sheriff to stop them .
the best man on his way to the wedding briefly stops at the roadside in a desolate countryside . hearing muffled moans he checks beneath the car and finds a badly hurt man stuck in the undercarriage . panicking and frightened that he will be late for the wedding he decides to help the injured man himself instead of calling assistance . this to the wounded man and the best mans great misfortune as the universe this day works by the motto instant karma .
an easter story . frank is a manhattan medic working graveyard in a two -man ambulance team . he 's burned out exhausted seeing ghosts especially a young woman he failed to save six months ' before and no longer able to save people : he brings in the dead . we follow him for three nights each with a different partner : larry who thinks about dinner marcus who looks to jesus and tom who wallops people when work is slow . frank befriends the daughter of a heart victim he brings in ; she 's mary an ex -junkie angry at her father but now hoping he 'll live . frank tries to get fired tries to quit and keeps coming back to work and to mary in need of his own rebirth .
an abused wife heads to california to become a movie star while her nephew back in alabama has to deal with a racially -motivated murder involving a corrupt sheriff .
a rich businessman dylan mcdermott mistakenly believes that matthew perry who is bidding on a million restoration contract is gay and asks him to keep tabs on his mistress neve campbell . perry who is not gay falls for neve in a big way but she thinks he 's gay .
four hip women get ready for friday night in la : they dress talk about sex and hit a bar before meeting four men at a rave . the men prepare by talking about sex and drinking . rick and jean two attorneys have set up the evening connect at the club and have a good time . the pairings of shawn trent whitney and emma are more serendipitous . but it 's mike and sara 's night that has serious repercussions : he 's an nfl player loud swaggering ; she 's a party animal who drinks a lot early that evening . at am she appears at jean 's disheveled and bruised saying mike raped her . arrested he says he 's innocent and in flashbacks we see both sides of the story .
a japanese yakuza gangster is exiled to the united states . takeshi settles in los angeles where his younger half brother lives and finds that although the turf is new the rules are still the same as they try to take over the local drug trade .
with a spate of violence that rocks the inner city l .a.p.d. and ex -marine john kross investigates its cause : a new drug called chaos . with help from his partner carpenter they delve into ...
in london a counter espionage agent deals with his own bureaucracy while investigating the kidnapping and brainwashing of british scientists .
a documentary following the lives of motorcycle racers and racing enthusiasts including actor steve mcqueen . first asking the question "why do they do it ?" this film looks at the people who devote (and sometimes risk ) their lives to racing on tracks and off -road courses around the world .
the year is and multinational conglomerate omnicorp is at the center of robot technology . overseas their drones have been used by the military for years - and it 's meant billions for omnicorp 's bottom line . now omnicorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front and they see a golden opportunity to do it . when alex murphy (joel kinnaman ) - a loving husband father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in detroit - is critically injured in the line of duty omnicorp sees their chance for a part -man part -robot police officer . omnicorp envisions a robocop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders but they never counted on one thing : there is still a man inside the machine pursuing justice .
after a successful deployment of the robocop law enforcement unit ocp sees its goal of urban pacification come closer and closer but as this develops a new narcotic known as "nuke" invades the streets led by god -delirious leader cane . as this menace grows it may prove to be too much for murphy to handle . ocp tries to replicate the success of the first unit but ends up with failed prototypes with suicidal issues ... until dr . faxx a scientist straying away from ocp 's path uses cane as the new subject for the robocop project a living god .
'toon star roger is worried that his wife jessica is playing pattycake with someone else so the studio hires detective eddie valiant to snoop on her . but the stakes are quickly raised when marvin acme is found dead and roger is the prime suspect . groundbreaking interaction between the live and animated characters and lots of references to classic animation .
this movie tells the possibly true story of melvin e . dummar . melvin is a nice guy but he is a total loser : unlucky impractical and can 't keep a job . one night however he helps an old man who has had a motorcycle accident in the desert . melvin laughs when the old man says he is howard hughes the eccentric multimillionaire . but when howard hughes dies melvin is mailed a will leaving him part of the estate !
agent is assigned to hunt for a lost british encryption device and prevent it from falling into enemy hands .
james bond goes rogue and sets off to unleash vengeance on a drug lord who tortured his best friend a c .i.a. agent and left him for dead and murdered his bride after he helped capture him .
is sent to stop a diabolically brilliant heroin magnate armed with a complex organization and a reliable psychic tarot card reader .
ireland will never be the same after rawhead rex a particularly nasty demon is released from his underground prison by an unwitting farmer . the film follows rex 's cross country rampage while a man struggles to stop it .
james bond heads to the bahamas to recover two nuclear warheads stolen by spectre agent emilio largo in an international extortion scheme .
a millionaire offers a group of diverse people to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past .
story of a schoolteacher 's struggle to teach violin to inner -city harlem kids .
puppeteer craig schwartz and animal lover and pet store clerk lotte schwartz are just going through the motions of their marriage . despite not being able to earn a living solely through puppeteering craig loves his profession as it allows him to inhabit the skin of others . he begins to take the ability to inhabit the skin of others to the next level when he is forced to take a job as a file clerk for the off -kilter lestercorp located on the five -foot tall floor of a manhattan office building . behind one of the filing cabinets in his work area craig finds a hidden door which he learns is a portal into the mind of john malkovich the visit through the portal which lasts fifteen minutes after which the person is spit into a ditch next to the new jersey turnpike . craig is fascinated by the meaning of life associated with this finding . lotte 's trips through the portal make her evaluate her own self . and the confident maxine lund one of craig 's co -workers who he tells about the portal if only because he is attracted to her thinks that it is a money making opportunity in selling trips into malkovich 's mind after office hours for a visit . craig lotte and maxine begin to understand that anyone entering the portal has the ability to control malkovich 's mind which also alters his entire being . this experience makes maxine fall in love with a composite . this ability to control malkovich 's mind begs the question of the ultimate psychedelic trip for malkovich himself who begins to feel that something is not right in the world as he knows it .
somerset . eva enters adulthood with good humor keeping house for her absent -minded father letting her younger sister janie in on the secrets of growing up working at a furniture ...
on a journey to find the cure for a tatarigami 's curse ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and tatara a mining colony . in this quest he also meets san the mononoke hime .
an 's one -hit wonder band named the suburbans reform for a special performance at one of the ex -member's wedding . at the wedding a young record company talent scout happens to be in the audience and decides to give the now -ish performers a comeback push . the film attempts to take a satirical look at the music business of the 's and compare it to the simpler 's scene .
in the an adolescent werner herzog was transfixed by a film performance of the young klaus kinski . years later they would share an apartment where in an unabated forty -eight-hour fit of rage kinski completely destroyed the bathroom . from this chaos a violent love -hate profoundly creative partnership was born . in herzog cast kinski in aguirre the wrath of god four more films would follow . in this personal documentary herzog traces the often violent ups and downs of their relationship revisiting the various locations of their films and talking to the people they worked with .
central europe wwii . the village fool of a small jewish community warns the townsfolk that the nazis are coming and advises them to build a fake deportation train to cross the russian border and get to palestine . some jews are dressed up with german uniforms and soon they start getting strange ideas about how it feels to be a nazi ; others are infected with the fast -spreading germ of communism . meanwhile the russian border gets closer and closer ...
intertwined story of a bunch of bachelor friends living together and their romance complications . sathi (aupee karim ) does not believe in love however maintains "just friends " relationships with both fahim (ferdous ahmed ) and rumel (ahmed rubel ). this in turn initiates an ego clash between these two men . hasan (hasan masood ) is a forty plus single guy who is attracted to his much younger classmate shaila (joya ahsan ) but cannot express his feelings for her . abrar (humayun faridi ) is in his late fifties and is desperately looking for love . some goes to great extent to get the love of their life and some find themselves as a part of a circle .
a group of swedish scientists led by anna rosenberg have developed an environmentally friendly car engine . just before they sign the deal with the big european motor company the test results leak into the wrong hands after a violent intrusion . there seems to be a mole in the team - but who and to whom is he /she really working for ? while the research team faces the threat of bankruptcy anna rosenberg has also her private life to sort out .
on the northwest side of milwaukee mark borchardt dreams the american dream : for him it 's making movies . using relatives local theater talent slacker friends his mastercard and from his uncle bill mark strives over three years to finish "covan" a short horror film . his own personal demons (alcohol gambling a dysfunctional family ) plague him but he desperately wants to overcome self -doubt and avoid failure . in moments of reflection mark sees his story as quintessentially american and its the nature and nuance of his dream that this film explores .
the story follows a married couple apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he 's attracted to . while he 's resisting temptation his wife encounters her past love .
young and impulsive rosetta lives with her alcoholic mother and moved by despair she will do anything to maintain a job .
the lives of a disparate group of contestants intertwine in an inhumanely grueling dance marathon .
doctors herbert west and dan cain discover the secret to creating human life and proceed to create a perfect woman from dead tissue .
a young doctor at a hospital susan wheeler (played by genevive bujold ) starts noticing a pattern of strange occurrences with patients . healthy patients are suddenly developing complications and ending up in comas . she starts investigating and what she reveals is astonishing .
an anthology which tells five terrifying tales based on the e .c. horror comic books of the .
creepshow is divided into three stories conducted by a leading segment where a boy that loves the horror comic book creepshow buys seeds of carnivorous plant and is bullied by four teenagers . meanwhile the creep tells the tales of creepshow : "old chief wood 'nhead" - the elders ray (george kennedy ) and martha spruce (dorothy lamour ) have lived their whole life and raised their family with their small store in an arizona town . now the town is economically decadent and ray gives credit to his costumers including the indians of ben whitemoon 's tribe . when ray is repairing the wooden statue of an old chief in the front door ben (frank salsedo ) arrives and asks him to keep the jewels of his tribe as a guarantee for their debts . however ben 's nephew sam (holt mccallany ) unexpectedly arrives with two other punks to steal ray and he kills the elders . they expect to travel to hollywood but the old chief wood 'nhead will not let them go . "the raft " - the teenagers deke (paul satterfield ) and randy (daniel beer ) travel with laverne (jeremy green ) and rachel (page hannah ) to a lake expecting to smoke weed swim and get laid . they swim to a raft that is floating in the middle of the lake but they discover a carnivorous blob in the lake that is hungry . "the hitchhiker " - in maine the unfaithful annie lansing (lois chiles ) stays too long having sex with her escort and is late to meet her husband in the airport . she drives her mercedes bens in a hurry and loses control on the road . annie runs over a hitchhiker but she does not help the man and hit -and-run questioning whether she can live with the situation . she discovers that the hitchhiker will not leave her .
a medical student and his girlfriend become involved in a bizarre experiment into reanimating the dead conducted by the student 's incorrigible housemate in this campy sendup of an h .p. lovecraft story . the emphasis is on humour but once the dead walk there is gore aplenty .
a group of drug users in the 's help finance their habit by robbing drug stores . matt dillon 's character is very superstitious and eventually his luck runs out .
on the day of his daughter 's (joey hope singer ) birthday william "d-fens" foster (michael douglas ) is trying to get to his estranged ex -wife's (barbara hershey ) house to see his daughter . he has a breakdown and leaves his car in a traffic jam in los angeles and decides to walk . along the way he stops at a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call but the owner mister lee (michael paul chan ) does not give him change . this destabilizes william who then breaks apart the shop with a baseball bat and goes to an isolated place to drink a coke . two gangsters (agustin rodriguez & eddie frias ) threaten him and he reacts by hitting them with the bat . d -fens continues walking and stops at a phone booth . the gangsters hunt him down with their gang and shoot at him but crash their car . william goes nuts and takes their gym bag with weapons proceeding in his journey of rage against injustice . meanwhile sergeant martin prendergast (robert duvall ) who is working on his last day before retirement is following the wave of crimes and believes that the same man is responsible but the other detectives do not pay attention to him .
eric bogosian 's solo performance "funhouse".
johnnie loves his train ("the general ") and annabelle lee . when the civil war begins he is turned down for service because he 's more valuable as an engineer . annabelle thinks it 's because he 's a coward . union spies capture the general with annabelle on board . johnnie must rescue both his loves .
when flesh -eating piranhas are accidentally released into a summer resort 's rivers the guests become their next meal .
playing against type dean martin is an ex -lawman who has decided to illegally profit from his abilities . he now owns most of the town of jericho and has hired a band of gunmen to enforce his edicts . outside of town martin ambushes a stagecoach that is carrying a passenger ex -marshal george peppard . from a hidden spot in the brush martin shoots up the coach and rides away . arriving in town peppard meets jean simmons who has refused martin 's attempts to take over operation of her stage line . after a few days peppard becomes attracted to simmons but he sees that the odds against them are too great and is on the verge of leaving town . but after martin physically roughs up simmons peppard organizes the few men in town who are willing to put up a fight and attacks enterprises that are owned by martin . finally in a showdown martin and peppard battle it out ironically in the same spot that martin originally ambushed the stagecoach .
conservative street cop dasilva reluctantly agrees to terminate an international terrorist who has demanded media attention . but dasilva 's "at-home" tactics are very much put to the challenge .
sanjuro a wandering samurai enters a rural town in nineteenth century japan . after learning from the innkeeper that the town is divided between two gangsters he plays one side off against the other . his efforts are complicated by the arrival of the wily unosuke the son of one of the gangsters who owns a revolver . unosuke has sanjuro beaten after he reunites an abducted woman with her husband and son then massacres his father 's opponents . during the slaughter the samurai escapes with the help of the innkeeper ; but while recuperating at a nearby temple he learns of innkeeper 's abduction by unosuke and returns to the town to confront him .
it 's been some time since father jebedaiah mayii exorcised the devil from little nancy aglet but now nancy has grown up and has a family the demon returns and repossesses nancy . with father mayii unwilling to help father luke brophy tries his best to help nancy even when tv 's ernest weller plans to air the exorcism live on tv .
due to an experimental vaccine dr . robert neville is the only survivor of an apocalyptic war waged with biological weapons . the plague caused by the war has killed everyone else except for a few hundred deformed nocturnal people calling themselves "the family ". the plague has caused them to become sensitive to light as well as homicidally psychotic . they believe science and technology to be the cause of the war and their punishment and neville as the last symbol of science the old world and a "user of the wheel " must die . neville using electricity machinery and science attempts to hold them at bay .
king roland of the planet druidia is trying to marry his daughter princess vespa to prince valium but vespa is kidnapped by the evil race of the spaceballs . the spaceballs ask roland a tremendous ransom : all the air of druidia (you see the air of spaceball had serious pollution problems ...). the king decides to offer a generous amount of money to a space rogue lone starr to persuade him to save vespa . what follows is the parody of a _lot_ of famous sf movies .
birth of a legend . following king richard 's death in france archer robin longstride along with will scarlett alan -a-dale and little john returns to england . they encounter the dying robert of locksley whose party was ambushed by treacherous godfrey who hopes to facilitate a french invasion of england . robin promises the dying knight he will return his sword to his father walter in nottingham . here walter encourages him to impersonate the dead man to prevent his land being confiscated by the crown and he finds himself with marian a ready -made wife . hoping to stir baronial opposition to weak king john and allow an easy french take -over godfrey worms his way into the king 's service as earl marshal of england and brutally invades towns under the pretext of collecting royal taxes . can robin navigate the politics of barons royals traitors and the french ?
comedy -drama about life on a not particularly important ship of the us navy during .
anthony burgess created the primitive language for the early humans in this prehistoric adventure about a trio of warriors who travel the savanna encountering sabre -toothed tigers mammoths and cannibalistic tribes in search of a flame that would replace the fire their tribe has lost .
jack crabb is years old as the film begins . a collector of oral histories asks him about his past . he recounts being captured and raised by indians becoming a gunslinger marrying an indian watching her killed by general george armstrong custer and becoming a scout for him at little big horn .
a woman on a journey through a crowd grapples with private and public revelation repulsion fear personal safety and the desire for basic human interaction
louis winthorpe is a businessman who works for commodities brokerage firm of duke and duke owned by the brothers mortimer and randolph duke . now they bicker over the most trivial of matters and what they are bickering about is whether it 's a person 's environment or heredity that determines how well they will do in life . when winthorpe bumps into billy ray valentine a street hustler and assumes he is trying to rob him he has him arrested . upon seeing how different the two men are the brothers decide to make a wager as to what would happen if winthorpe loses his job his home and is shunned by everyone he knows and if valentine was given winthorpe 's job . so they proceed to have winthorpe arrested and to be placed in a compromising position in front of his girlfriend . so all he has to rely on is the hooker who was hired to ruin him .
summer camp highjinks centered around a camp counselor with a wacky sense of humor . he tries to help the campers have a good time . one camper named rudy poses a particular challenge as he has a self -esteem problem
the first in -name-only sequel to the first meatballs summer camp movie sets us at camp sasquash where the owner giddy tries to keep his camp open after it 's threatened with foreclosure after hershey the militant owner of camp patton located just across the lake wants to buy the entire lake to expand camp patton . giddy suggests settling the issue with the traditional end -of-the-summer boxing match over rights to the lake . meanwhile a tough inner city punk nicknamed flash is at camp sasquash for community service as a counselor -in-training where he sets his sights on the naive and intellectual cheryl while flash 's young charges befriend an alien whom they name meathead also staying at the camp for the summer . fresh face jeremy o . arrives to camp sasquash after his car broke down and he stumbles upon the mess hall . jeremy o provides flash and meathead with encouragement and indepth analytics to counter all of hershey 's diabolical intent .
the ghost of a dead porn star comes to earth to help a nerd with his sex life .
ricky is the hottest water -ski instructor around and he has just be rehired by his former employer /camp to whip up attendance . but the camp is in serious financial trouble and the owner of a rival more popular camp wants to buy them out . therefore they will have to engage in a mean winner -takes-all competition that will settle the row once and for all .
an amnesiac and a private eye find they might have a past life connection .
seven friends in an acting troupe graduate from cambridge university in and go their separate ways . ten years later peter inherits a large estate from his father and invites the rest of the gang to spend new year 's holiday with him . many changes have taken place in the lives of all the friends assembled but peter has a secret that will shock them all .
the story of two girls randy and evie . randy is a low economic class lesbian living with other lesbians including her aunt . evie is a wealthy popular girl with a boyfriend . when evie befriends randy she begins to feel a passion for her she 's never felt before . what follows is a sweet tender romance between the two while evie is cast away by her friends and randy is chided by her family . the two don 't care though because they are in love .
a shy introverted young girl takes a summer job at a seaside resort in wales . she finds the staff the owners and patrons unlike anyone she has ever met before .
a visiting dignitary a cia agent a nazi spy japanese tourists an assassin and a group of "midget" actors from the wizard of oz all check into an elite los angeles hotel called under the rainbow .
fed up with her small -town bay city existence adele august leaves her family and second husband and heads for beverley hills with her daughter . the teenager resents the move and her mother 's always flamboyant behaviour and in turns plans to get away to university on the east coast . mum 's plans are different - she wants a movie star for a daughter .
an abortion clinic worker with a special heritage is enlisted to prevent two angels from reentering heaven and thus undoing the fabric of the universe . along the way she is aided by two prophets jay and silent bob . with the help of rufus the apostle they must stop those who stand in their way and prevent the angels from entering heaven .
paul part -time laborer and amateur artist leads an unremarkable life like any other until his world is disrupted by vivid revelations of the afterlife . at first a welcome respite from reality his waking visions soon reveal a demonic conspiracy at work within his own community . one by one prominent members of high society fall victim to a series of mysterious assassination attempts . as the government scrambles to contain the rising panic of the ruling class public disillusionment grows . amidst the maelstrom paul becomes entangled in a web of powerful elite evangelical cults and a plot that could not only bring down the country 's economy but also incite the total collapse of society . filmed before the icelandic banking crash that shocked the world messenger is a prediction of chaos turned prophetic . while many of its projections have already been fulfilled by recent events one can only hope that the remainder will not ...
the adventures of ash ketchum and his partner pikachu who travel across many regions in hopes of being regarded as a pokemon master .
a lonely middle -aged catering manager spends all of his time studying tapes of an eccentric tv chef . meanwhile a young woman is making her way from ireland to find her boyfriend who moved ...
after making a -hour fiasco about new york city 's water supply a two -man film crew decides to take it up a notch by documenting life in the private investigator offices of "boone and ...
this romance story focuses on fox giovanni (v.dillard) who is a hardworking ; overly competitive stockbroker who thinks money is the most important thing in life . her health suffers from that and she ends up having to take time off and spend time away from the hustle and bustle of new york city . she heads south to reconnect with her estranged foster mother finds out something about family and true love . she ends up falling in love with van (a. payne ). it 's really a good love story about two people who really don 't want to be in love but it 's kind of forced on them . it 's a situation that neither one of them want to have that experience of being vulnerable or in love .
lovely linda mason has crooner jim hardy head over heels but suave stepper ted hanover wants her for his new dance partner after femme fatale lila dixon gives him the brush . jim 's supper club holiday inn is the setting for the chase by hanover and manager danny reed . the music 's the thing .
tells the story of the d -day invasion of normandy in wwii . there are dozens of characters some seen only briefly who together weave the story of five separate invasion points that made up the operation .
ivy ('drew barrymore ') a sexy teen who lives with her aunt moves in with a reclusive teen (gilbert) and slowly works her way into the lives of her adopted family . the mother (ladd) is sickly and can 't sexually satisfy her husband (skerritt) any more and to the daughter 's horror ivy begins seducing her father .
ivy ('drew barrymore ') a sexy teen who lives with her aunt moves in with a reclusive teen (gilbert) and slowly works her way into the lives of her adopted family . the mother (ladd) is sickly and can 't sexually satisfy her husband (skerritt) any more and to the daughter 's horror ivy begins seducing her father .
in the japanese are at odds with the united states on a number of issues which they are attempting to resolve via their washington embassy . in case this diplomacy fails the military are hatching plans for a surprise early sunday morning air attack on the u .s. base at pearl harbour . american intelligence is breaking the japanese diplomatic messages but few high -ups are prepared to believe that an attack is likely let alone where or how it might come .
pepas 's lover ivn leaves her and she tries to contact him to find out why he 's left . in her search for ivn she confronts his wife and son who are as clueless as she is . meanwhile ; candela her friend is afraid the police might be looking for her because of her ex -boyfriend's a muslim terrorist criminal activities . as the plot develops it is revealed that everyone 's lives are more intertwined than they could have ever expected .
from the pullizer prize winning play by paul zindel this is the story of beatrice hunsdorfer and her daughters ruth and matilda . a middle -aged widowed eccentric beatrice is looking for her life in the classified ads while all about her is the rubble of an unkempt house . all she needs is the right opportunity she says puffing on a cigarette . poorly equipped to survive the vagaries of modern life she has nonetheless always managed to muddle through . ruth epileptic and making her way through the rebellious phase of adolescence seems doomed to make the same mistakes as her mother . quiet matilda on the other hand seeks refuge in her animals and her schoolwork . "jesus don 't you hate the world matilda ?" beatrice asks her youngest daughter . the title of the film is also the subject of matilda 's science project at school and serves as a metaphor for the way life affects each of us differently -- how some are able to find opportunity in adversity and thrive and how some succumb when the burden becomes too heavy . this is the story of slowly drowning and grasping desperately for a lifeline only to find that there 's none there and you must save yourself . "no mama " matilda says "i don 't hate the world ." (nell potts who stars as matilda is the stage name of eleanor newman -- joanne woodward 's real -life daughter . she also appeared as the young rachel in *rachel rachel *.)
neurosurgeon /rock star /superhero buckaroo has perfected the oscillation overthruster which allows him to travel through solid matter by using the eighth dimension . the red lectroids from planet are after this device for their own evil ends and it 's up to buckaroo and his band and crime -fighting team the hong kong cavaliers to stop them .
jaime escalante is a mathematics teacher in a school in a hispanic neighbourhood . convinced that his students have potential he adopts unconventional teaching methods help gang members and no -hopers pass the rigorous advanced placement exam in calculus .
no sooner does italian -american widow loretta accept a marriage proposal from her doltish boyfriend johnny then she finds herself falling for his younger brother ronny . she tries to resist but ronny lost his hand in an accident he blames on his brother and has no scruples about aggressively pursuing her while johnny is out of the country . as loretta falls deeper in love she comes to learn that she 's not the only one in her family with a secret romance .
a mountain man who wishes to live the life of a hermit becomes the unwilling object of a long vendetta by indians and proves to be a match for their warriors in one -on-one combat on the early frontier .
a sex -repulsed woman who disapproves of her sister 's boyfriend sinks into depression and has horrific visions of rape and violence .
naive by the book french police officer nester patou is transferred to the red light district . upon witnessing what must be a brothel he calls the station and organizes a raid transporting all the 'ladies' to the jail . this unfortunately disrupts the well organized system of the police and the pimps union . not to mention inadvertently netting his station superior at the brothel . fired he goes to a bar to drink is befriended by irma beats up her pimp and finds he is now irma 's new pimp . nester 's doesn 't like the thought of his girl seeing other men so comes up with a plan .
in a film crew interviewed seven -year-old english kids : five or six from privilege a yorkshire farm lad east -end girls and boys from a children 's home . every seven years michael apted re -interviews those willing (two declined this time ). at careers are stuck or flourishing ; marriages are strong shaky or over (and bruce recently married for the first time ). they 're dealing with parents ' dying and children coming -of-age. one is a single mom with young sons . one is remarried but how are the five children from his first marriage ? lyn and jackie face health problems with down -to-earth lucidity . neil on the margin at and has a glorious story of friendship at .
anti -semitism race relations coming of age and fathers and sons : in baltimore from fall to fall . racial integration comes to the high school tv is killing burlesque and rock and roll is pushing the four lads off the hit parade . ben a high school senior and his older brother van are exploring "the other ": in ben 's case it 's friendship with sylvia a black student ; with van it 's a party in the wasp part of town and falling for a debutante dubbie . sylvia gives ben tickets to a james brown concert ; dubbie invites van to a motel : new worlds open . meanwhile their dad nate who runs a numbers game loses big to a small -time pusher little melvin ; a partnership ensues .
at fanny price a poor relation goes to live at mansfield park the estate of her aunt 's husband sir thomas . clever studious and a writer with an ironic imagination and fine moral ...
the curse of the headless horseman is the legacy of the small town of sleepy hollow . spearheaded by the eager constable ichabod crane and his new world ways into the quagmire of secrets and murder secrets once laid to rest best forgotten and now reawakened and he too holding a dark secret of a past once gone .
james bond uncovers a nuclear plot when he protects an oil heiress from her former kidnapper an international terrorist who can 't feel pain .
manuela is a hard -working single mom who has raised her son esteban by herself since the time he was born . on his birthday they go to the theater and after the show esteban tries to get the main actress ' autograph but is run down on the street and dies . manuela is beside herself with grief and decides to return to barcelona to tell the boy 's transgender father lola about the death of the son he never knew he had . he is nowhere to be found but manuela does find an old friend agrado and meets up with a pregnant nun rosa . together they form a life and become fast friends - until tragedy strikes again .
ollie dee and stanley dum try to borrow money from their employer the toymaker to pay off the mortgage on mother peep 's shoe and keep it and little bo peep from the clutches of the evil ...
frank cross runs a us tv station which is planning a live adaptation of dickens ' christmas carol . frank 's childhood wasn 't a particularly pleasant one and so he doesn 't really appreciate the christmas spirit . with the help of the ghosts of christmas past present and future frank realises he must change .
the classic stage hit gets the hollywood treatment in the story of elwood p . dowd who makes friends with a spirit taking the form of a human -sized rabbit named harvey that only he sees (and a few privileged others on occasion also .) after his sister tries to commit him to a mental institution a comedy of errors ensues . elwood and harvey become the catalysts for a family mending its wounds and for romance blossoming in unexpected places .
ricci an unemployed man in the depressed post -wwii economy of italy gets at last a good job - for which he needs a bike - hanging up posters . but soon his bicycle is stolen . he and his son walk the streets of rome looking for the bicycle . ricci finally manages to locate the thief but with no proof he has to abandon his cause . but he and his son know perfectly well that without a bike ricci won 't be able to keep his job .
mingo county west virginia . coal miners struggling to form a union are up against company operators and the gun thugs of the notorious baldwin -felts detective agency . black and italian miners brought in by the company to break the strike are caught between the two forces . umwa organizer and dual -card wobbly joe kenehan determines to bring the local black and italian groups together . while kenehan and his story are fictional the setting and the dramatic climax are historical ; sid hatfield cabell c . testerman c . e . lively and the felts brothers were real -life participants and 'few clothes ' is based on a character active several years previously .
a petty thief with an utter resemblance to a samurai warlord is hired as the lord 's double . when the warlord later dies the thief is forced to take up arms in his place .
a gambler and a prostitute become business partners in a remote old west mining town and their enterprise thrives until a large corporation arrives on the scene .
two male english school chums find themselves falling in love at cambridge . to regain his place in society clive gives up his forbidden love maurice (pronounced "morris") and marries . while staying with clive and his shallow wife anne maurice finally discovers romance in the arms of alec the gamekeeper . written from personal pain it 's e .m. forster 's story of coming to terms with sexuality in the edwardian age .
two women on the streets of moore street fight for the attention of one man ...with deadly consequences .
a scatterbrained socialite hires a vagrant as a family butler ...but there 's more to godfrey than meets the eye .
two employees at a gift shop can barely stand each other without realizing that they are falling in love through the post as each other 's anonymous pen pal .
two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media .
thirty -something george roundy is a beverly hills hairdresser who spends as much time sleeping with his female clients as he does doing their hair . whether they want to admit it all the women in his life are on the most part aware that they are are not the only one with whom he is sleeping . and some such as the wealthy and married felicia karpf have a stronger emotional dependence on george than they would like to admit . george 's current girlfriend is jill an up and coming actress . jill 's best friend is jackie shawn one of george 's old girlfriends who left him because he couldn 't make a true commitment to her . in turn jackie is currently having an affair with lester karpf felicia 's wealthy businessman husband . george is unhappy working at a salon owned by norman with whom he is constantly butting heads . in his first act of wanting finally to be a grown up george wants to open his own salon but doesn 't have the financial resources to do it and no bank will lend him money for the venture . felicia at least convinces lester to consider investing in george . on monday november the eve of the presidential election this group spends the evening together first at a dinner party hosted by lester and then another private party . lester asks his potential new business partner george to accompany his mistress jackie not knowing that george and jackie know each other . jill who is invited to the party by jackie invites director johnny pope as her date he who is considering her for a role in his next movie filming in egypt and perhaps more . over the course of the evening george may come to the realization of what he wants in life both professionally and personally but achieving happiness will depend upon others in his life they who have known george up to this time only as an uncommitted narcissist .
the true story about two boys growing up in rural montana while rebelling against their stern minister father . eldest brother norman eventually leaves home and becomes a disciplined grounded professor while younger brother paul becomes a rebellious journalist and descends into gambling and liquor . their mornings are spent in school and religious study while their afternoons are devoted to fly fishing for trout in the blackfoot river .
happily married new york lawyer dan callagher has an affair with his colleague alex and the two enjoy a love weekend while dan 's wife and kid are away . but alex will not let go of him and she will stop at nothing to have him for herself . just how far will she go to get what she wants ?
san francisco heiress page forrester is brutally murdered in her remote beach house . her husband jack is devastated by the crime but soon finds himself accused of her murder . he hires lawyer teddy barnes to defend him despite the fact she hasn 't handled a criminal case for many years . there 's a certain chemistry between them and teddy soon finds herself defending the man she loves .
stanley cox is a shy illiterate short -order cook who has never taken a chance at love . iris king is a newly widowed factory worker who has vowed never to love again . but as their friendship slowly blossoms and iris helps stanley learn to read his strong yet gentle kindness helps mend her broken heart . and where two lonely strangers stood trapped within the past stanley and iris can now begin a new chapter of their lives - together .
bounty hunter jack walsh (robert de niro ) is sent to find and return bail jumper and former mafia accountant jonathan "the duke " mardukas (charles grodin ). the fbi has had no success in locating the duke so when jack finds him in next to no time they are a little embarrassed . in order to collect his fee jack must take the duke from new york to los angeles . however the mafia and the fbi have other ideas as does marvin dorfler (john ashton ) a rival bounty hunter . on their long cross -country trip to la the two get to know each other and they build up a strange friendship .
the victims of an encephalitis epidemic many years ago have been catatonic ever since but now a new drug offers the prospect of reviving them .
portraying one of the shadier details of american history this is the story of jack mcgurn who comes to los angeles in . he gets a job at a movie theatre in little tokyo and falls in love with the boss 's daughter lily kawamura . when her father finds out he is fired and forbidden ever to see her again . but together they escape to seattle . when the war breaks out the authorities decide that the japanese immigrants must live in camps like war prisoners .
a rookie firefighter tries to earn the respect of his older brother and other firefighters while taking part in an investigation of a string of arson /murders. this detailed look into the duties and private lives of firemen naturally features widespread pyrotechnics and special effects .
after hearing a popular dj rail against yuppies a madman carries out a massacre in a popular new york bar . dejected and remorseful the dj strikes up a friendship with parry a former professor who became unhinged and then homeless after witnessing his wife 's violent death in the bar shooting . the dj seeks redemption by helping parry in his quest to recover an item that he believes is the holy grail and to win the heart of the woman he loves .
a hardened yet psychologically vulnerable swedish -born police detective in london struggles to deal with having witnessed the murder of his detective partner . he must come to terms with the loss whilst investigating her murder helped (and sometimes hindered ) by what he calls 'manifests' - the ghosts of both victims and criminals including the shade of his partner .
gilbert ivy and his wife jewell are farmers . they seem to be working against the odds producing no financial surplus . gilbert has lost hope of ever becoming prosperous but his wife decides to fight for her family .
in the deep south in the a widow and her family try to run their cotton farm with the help of a disparate group of friends .
what would you do if someone you loved sat down with you one night and calmly told you that they were going to end their life before morning ? this is thelma cates ' dilemma . her daughter jessie has had it . a middle -aged epileptic unable to hold a job or drive with a failed marriage and a drug -addicted runaway son on the wrong side of the law jessie can find no reason to go on living . adapted from the play by marsha norman "'night mother " is the story of a parent 's worst nightmare . how can thelma convince her daughter that life is worth living if she can 't feel her pain ? how can she end her daughter 's embrace of death before morning ?
at the end of the century satan visits new york in search of a bride . it 's up to an ex -cop who now runs an elite security outfit to stop him .
while andy is away at summer camp woody has been toynapped by al mcwiggin a greedy collector and proprietor of "al's toy barn "! in this all -out rescue mission buzz and his friends mr . potato head slinky dog rex and hamm springs into action to rescue woody from winding up as a museum piece . they must find a way to save him before he gets sold in japan forever and they 'll never see him again !
set in london where a soon to retire caretaker convinces a glass -ceiling constrained american executive to help him steal a handful of diamonds from their employer the london diamond corporation .
over the course of a midsummer night in fermanagh in an unsettled daughter of the anglo -irish aristocracy encourages her father 's valet to seduce her .
jake roedel and jack bull chiles are friends in missouri when the civil war starts . women and blacks have few rights . jack bull 's dad is killed by union soldiers so the young men join the ...
a woman constantly runs from town to town with her year old daughter to escape failed relationships . the film opens with one escape and the shift into a new start in san diego . there mom takes up with a controlling trucker and fights with her weirdo boss . meanwhile the daughter used to making the constant shifts finds a fit at school including getting chosen for a play lead .
a florida con man uses the passing of the long time congressman from his district who he just happens to share a name with to get elected to his version of paradise congress where the ...
two fishermen pick up a psychotic escaped convict who tells them that he intends to murder them when the ride is over .
in jeb stuart george custer and other graduates from west point are posted to kansas to help pacify the territory before railroad construction to santa fe can resume .
on a rainy london night in novelist maurice bendrix has a chance meeting with henry miles husband of his ex -mistress sarah who abruptly ended their affair two years before . bendrix 's obsession with sarah is rekindled ; he succumbs to his own jealousy and arranges to have her followed .
while on a journey of discovery in exotic india beautiful young ruth barron falls under the influence of a charismatic religious guru . her desperate parents then hire pj waters a macho ...
a woman 's life falls apart after she 's blamed for an accident on her property .
a comedic biopic focused on the life of fictional jazz guitarist emmett ray . ray was an irresponsible free -spending arrogant obnoxious alcohol -abusing miserable human being who was also arguably the best guitarist in the world . we follow ray 's life : bouts of getting drunk his bizzare hobbies of shooting rats and watching passing trains his dreams of fame and fortune his strange obsession with the better -known guitarist django reinhardt and of course playing his beautiful music .
financial "master of the universe " sherman mccoy sees his life unravel when his mistress maria ruskin hits a black boy with his car . when yellow journalist peter fallow enflames public opinion with a series of distorted tabloid articles on the accident the case is seized upon by opportunists like reverend bacon and mayoral candidate d .a. abe weiss .
the marx brothers come to the rescue in the wild west when a young man trying to settle an old family feud so he can marry the girl he loves runs afoul of crooks .
in the marine corps family the meechums - parents lieutenant colonel wilbur "bull" meechum and lillian meechum and their four children ben meechum mary anne meechum karen meechum and matthew meechum - are moving like they do most years this time to beaufort south carolina . bull - nicknamed "the great santini " - is known as a great pilot but has gotten into much trouble in the past for his sophomoric behavior . he runs his family much as a military commander where they are all to obey his orders without question . everything he does within the family context he reasons is to build character but in reality everything ends up being about him . the oldest ben approaching manhood is the one of his offspring who has the greatest issue with his father . ben wants his respect but isn 't sure if he really loves him . as ben goes through his senior year in high school his attempts to play varsity basketball and an incident between black toomer smalls - his friend and their cook arrabella smalls ' son - and racist red petus may forever change the dynamic between father and son .
this documentary which was undertaken soon after james dean 's death looks at dean 's life through the use of still photographs with narration and interviews with many of the people involved in his short life . interviewees include the aunt and uncle who raised him after his mother 's death (when james was ) his fraternal grandparents a cabdriver friend in new york city and the owner of his favorite restaurant in los angeles . james 's father who was alive when the film was made does not get a single mention .
mark harmon is a washed -up baseball player who is called back home to handle the ashes of his childhood sweetheart / first love who had committed suicide . as he searches for what to do with ...
in his first independently produced feature film buster tells of love and romance through three historical ages : the stone age the roman age and the modern age .
the sequel to chinatown finds jake gittes investigating adultery and murder ... and the money that comes from oil .
during world war ii a shot -down american pilot and a marooned japanese navy captain find themselves stranded on the same small uninhabited island in the pacific ocean . following war logic each time the crafty japanese devises something useful he guards it to deny its use to the yank who then steals it its proceeds or the idea and /or ruins it . yet each gets his chance to kill and /or capture the other but neither pushes this to the end . after a while of this pointless pestering they end up joining forces to build and man a raft ...
you don 't find love in tobago . love finds you .
a true story of politics and art in the u .s. focusing on a leftist musical drama and attempts to stop its production .
deuce bigalow is a less than attractive down on his luck aquarium cleaner . one day he runs into a male gigolo who asks him to look after his precious fish while he is away on business . however he wrecks the house and needs quick money to repair it . the only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself taking on an unusual mix of female clients . he encounters a couple of problems though . he falls in love with one of his unusual clients and a sleazy police officer his hot on his trail .
the lives of guards on death row are affected by one of their charges : a black man accused of child murder and rape yet who has a mysterious gift .
a compassionate young man raised in an orphanage and trained to be a doctor there decides to leave to see the world .
bertolt brecht lives ! maggie hadleigh -west walks crowded urban streets carrying a video camera and microphone trailed by one or two women also with cameras . whenever a man harasses her ...
while sailing with princess parisa to baghdad to their wedding sinbad finds the colossa island and anchors his vessel to get supplies for the starving crew . sinbad and his men help the magician sokurah to escape from a cyclops that attacks them and sokurah uses a magic lamp with a boy jinni to help them ; however their boat sinks and he loses the lamp . sokurah offers a small fortune to sinbad to return to colossa but he does not accept and heads to baghdad . the citizens and the caliph of baghdad are celebrating the peace with chandra and they offer a feast to the sultan of chandra . sakurah requests a ship and crew to return to colossa but the caliph refuses to jeopardize his countrymen . however the treacherous magician shrinks the princess and when the desperate sinbad seeks him out he tells that he needs to return to colossa to get the ingredient necessary for the magic potion . but sinbad has only his friend harufa to travel with him and he decides to enlist a doubtful crew in the prison of baghdad in the beginning of his dangerous voyage to colossa to save the princess and avoid the eminent war between chandra and baghdad .
the story of the romance between the king of siam and widowed british schoolteacher anna leonowens during the .
this film follows the 'life' and times of the lead character an android who is purchased as a household robot programmed to perform menial tasks . within a few days the martin family realizes that they don 't have an ordinary droid as andrew begins to experience emotions and creative thought . in a story that spans two centuries andrew learns the intricacies of humanity while trying to stop those who created him from destroying him .
in new york city you would come across a small house home to a family known as the littles . you would happen to think of them as the nicest family you 'd ever meet . one day fredrick and eleanor both parents and littles ho to and orphanage to find a brother for their son george . while at it they meet stuart a small but charming mouse who apparently is human -civilized. they adopt him and everyone even george loves him . but there is one problem with stuart 's life snowbell the little family cat who wants him . but when trouble starts up almost immediately stuart must make it back to his home -before snowbell 's friends find out about him
in pre -unified china the king of qin sends his concubine to a rival kingdom to produce an assassin for a political plot but as the king 's cruelty mounts she finds her loyalty faltering .
in this update of disney 's masterpiece film mixture of animation and music new interpretations of great works of music are presented . it begins with an abstract battle of light and darkness set to the music of beethoveen 's fifth symphony . then we see the adventures of a humpback whale calf and his pod set to "the pines of rome ." next is the humourous story of several lives in 's new york city scored with "rhapsody in blue ." following is a musical telling of the fairy tale "the steadfast tin soldier " set to dmitri shostakovich 's piano concerto no . . then a goofy flamingo causes havoc in his flock with his yo -yo to the tune of the finale of "carnival of the animals ." this is followed by the classic sequence from the original film "the sorcerer 's apprentice " starring mickey mouse and followed by "pomp and circumstance " starring donald duck as a harried assistant to noah on his ark . finally we see the awesome tale of the life death and renewal of a forest in a sequence featuring the composition "the firebird ."
hours in l .a.; it 's raining cats and dogs . two parallel and intercut stories dramatize men about to die : both are estranged from a grown child both want to make contact and neither child wants anything to do with dad . earl partridge 's son is a charismatic misogynist ; jimmy gator 's daughter is a cokehead and waif . a mild and caring nurse intercedes for earl reaching the son ; a prayerful and upright beat cop meets the daughter is attracted to her and leads her toward a new calm . meanwhile guilt consumes earl 's young wife while two whiz kids one grown and a loser and the other young and pressured face their situations . the weather too is quirky .
in the opulent st . petersburg of the empire period eugene onegin is a jaded but dashing aristocrat - a man often lacking in empathy who suffers from restlessness melancholy and finally ...
after their production "princess ida " meets with less -than-stunning reviews the relationship between gilbert and sullivan is strained to breaking . their friends and associates attempt to get the two to work together again which opens the way to "the mikado " one of the duo 's greatest successes .
red is an aging scam -artist who 's just been released from prison together with ronnie a young and not -so-bright hoodlum who is easily manipulated . their new business is to organize fake -money sales and then kill the buyer to take his money ; but when ronnie kills an undercover secret service agent his partner jimmy mercer vows revenge and is given one week to catch the killers before being transferred .
mike is a struggling artist who draws the 'brenda starr ' strip for the papers . when brenda comes to life in the strip and sees how unappreciated she is by mike she leaves the strip . to get her back and keep his job mike draws himself into the strip . in her world brenda starr is the ace reporter for the new york flash . she is talented fearless smart and a very snappy dresser . the only competition she has is from the rival paper 's top reporter libby lipscomb . brenda heads to the amazon jungle to find a scientist with a secret formula which will create cheap and powerful gas from ordinary water .
the concurrent sexual lives of best friends jonathan and sandy are presented those lives which are affected by the sexual mores of the time and their own temperament especially in ...
two young "hippie" bikers wyatt and billy sell some dope in southern california stash their money away in their gas -tank and set off for a trip across america on their own personal odyssey looking for a way to lead their lives . on the journey they encounter bigotry and hatred from small -town communities who despise and fear their non -conformism. however wyatt and billy also discover people attempting 'alternative lifestyles ' who are resisting this narrow -mindedness there is always a question mark over the future survival of these drop -out groups . the gentle hippie community who thank god for 'a place to stand ' are living their own unreal dream . the rancher they encounter and his mexican wife are hard -pushed to make ends meet . even lsd turns sour when the trip is a bad one . death comes to seem the only freedom . when they arrive at a diner in a small town they are insulted by the local rednecks as weirdo degenerates . they are arrested on some minor pretext by the local sheriff and thrown in jail where they meet george hanson a liberal alcoholic lawyer . he gets them out and decides to join them on their trip to new orleans in time for mardi gras .
the true story of a disillusioned military contractor employee and his drug pusher childhood friend who became walk -in spies for the soviet union .
an ambitious young accountant schemes to wed a wealthy factory owner 's daughter despite falling in love with a married older woman .
when a devastating hit knocks a professional football legend and quarterback cap rooney out of the game a young unknown third -stringer is called in to replace him . having ridden the bench for years because of a string of bad luck stories and perhaps insufficient character willie beaman seizes what may be his last chance and lights up the field with a raw display of athletic prowess . his stunning performance over several games is so outstanding and fresh it seems to augur a new era in the history of this miami franchise and forces aging coach tony d 'amato to reevaluate his time -tested values and strategies and begin to confront the fact that the game as well as post -modern life may be passing him by . adding to the pressure on d 'amato to win at any cost is the aggressive young president /co-owner of the team christina pagniacci now coming into her own after her father 's death . christina 's driving desire to prove herself in a male dominated world is intensified by her focus on the marketing and business of football in which all coaches and players are merely properties .
the life and career of a legendary comedian andy kaufman .
the sci -fi television series "galaxy quest " which took place aboard the intergalactic spaceship nsea protector starred jason nesmith as suave commander peter quincy taggert gwen demarco as sexy communications person lt . tawny madison (a role which consisted solely of repeating what the computer stated much to gwen 's annoyance ) shakespearean trained sir alexander dane as alien dr . lazarus fred kwan as engineer tech sgt . chen and tommy webber as child gunner laredo . eighteen years after the series last aired it lives on in the hearts of its rabid fans . however it lives on in infamy for its stars who have not been able to find meaningful acting work since . their current lives revolve around cashing in on however those roles will afford which usually entails attending fan conventions or worse such as shopping mall openings . only jason seems to relish his lot in life until he finds out that his co -stars detest him because of his superior attitude as "the commander " and much of the public considers him a laughing stock . their lives change when jason is approached by who he thinks are convention fans asking for help . they are in reality an alien race called thermians led by mathesar who have modeled their existence after the series which they believe to be real . when jason and then the rest of his co -stars (along with guy fleegman who was killed off before the opening credits in only one episode ) go along with the thermians jason 's co -stars who believe they are off to yet another paying gig they learn that they have to portray their roles for real . without screenwriters to get them to a happy and heroic ending they have to trust that their play acting will work especially in dealing with the thermian 's nemesis general sarris . guy in particular fears that he will go the way his character did on the series . but when they run across technical issues that they as actors didn 't care anything about during the filming of the series and thus now don 't know how to deal with they need to find someone who should know what to do .
the . manhattan lavatory attendant tom ripley borrows a princeton jacket to play piano at a garden party . when the wealthy father of a recent princeton grad chats tom up tom pretends to know the son and is soon offered to go to italy to convince dickie greenleaf to return home . in italy tom attaches himself to dickie and to marge dickie 's cultured fiance pretending to love jazz and harboring homoerotic hopes as he soaks in luxury . besides lying tom 's talents include impressions and forgery so when the handsome and confident dickie tires of tom dismissing him as a bore tom goes to extreme lengths to make greenleaf 's privileges his own .
uncle elroy and day day owe money on taxes so craig finds a way to steal from the next door neighbors to pay off the taxes so uncle elroy 's house doesn 't get put up for auction .
the desperate love affair between a young samoan chief and an american painter against the will of her father . amid this man -made tension comes a hurricane so devastating the lives of the lovers and the entire island are imperiled .
based on the best selling autobiography by irish expat frank mccourt angela 's ashes follows the experiences of young frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the ...
two aging fighters in la friends get a call from a vegas promoter because his undercard fighters for a mike tyson bout that night are suddenly unavailable . he wants them to box each other . they agree as long as the winner gets a shot at the middleweight title . they enlist grace cesar 's current and vinnie 's ex girlfriend to drive them to vegas . on the trip we see flashbacks to their previous title shots their competitive friendship and grace 's motivational wiles . (she has her own entrepreneurial dreams .) the fight itself is historic : ten rounds of savagery and courage . who will win who 'll get the title shot who gets grace and where will she find venture capital ?
war begets revenge . victorious general titus andronicus returns to rome with hostages : tamora queen of the goths and her sons . he orders the eldest hewn to appease the roman dead . he declines the proffered emperor 's crown nominating saturninus the last ruler 's venal elder son . saturninus to spite his brother bassianus demands the hand of lavinia titus 's daughter . when bassianus lavinia and titus 's sons flee in protest titus stands against them and slays one of his own . saturninus marries the honey -tongued tamora who vows vengeance against titus . the ensuing maelstrom serves up tongues hands rape adultery racism and goth -meat pie . there 's irony in which two sons survive .
documentary about fred leuchter an engineer who became an expert on execution devices and was later hired by revisionist historian ernst zundel to "prove" that there were no gas chambers at auschwitz . leuchter published a controversial report confirming zundel 's position which ultimately ruined his own career . most of the footage is of leuchter puttering around execution facilities or chipping away at the walls of auschwitz but morris also interviews various historians associates and neighbors .
the vatican sends a priest to verify some miracles performed by a woman who has been nominated for sainthood . during his investigation the priest who is experiencing a crisis of faith re -discovers his own purpose in life .
a u .s. japanese fisherman may have killed his neighbor carl at sea . in the race figures into the trial . so does reporter ishmael .
on the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary nick dunne reports that his wife amy has gone missing . under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy nick 's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble . soon his lies deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question : did nick dunne kill his wife ?
the story of baseball hall -of-famer hank greenberg is told through archival film footage and interviews with jewish and non -jewish fans his former teammates his friends and his family . as a great first baseman with the detroit tigers greenberg endured antisemitism and became a hero and source of inspiration throughout the jewish community not incidentally leading the tigers to major league dominance in the .
a shy boy is unable to make friends in yazoo city mississippi in until his parents give him a terrier puppy for his ninth birthday . the dog which he names skip becomes well known and loved throughout the community and enriches the life of the boy willie as he grows into manhood . based on the best -selling mississippi memoir by the late willie morris .
supernova chronicles the search and rescue patrol of a medical ship in deep space in the early century and its six -member crew which includes a captain and pilot a co -pilot a medical officer a medical technician a search and rescue paramedic and a computer technician . when their vessel the nightingale answers an emergency distress signal from a comet mining operation in a distant galaxy the crew soon finds itself in danger from the mysterious young man they rescue the alien artifact he 's smuggled aboard and the gravitational pull of a giant star about to supernova . the resulting explosion will be the most massive explosion in the universe .
the often unlikely joint lives of katie morosky and hubbell gardiner from the late to the late is presented over which time they are in no particular order strangers acquaintances friends best friends lovers and adversaries . the unlikely nature of their relationship is due to their fundamental differences where she is jewish and passionate about her political activism both in political freedoms and marxism to an extreme where she takes life a little too seriously while he is the golden boy wasp being afforded the privileges in life because of his background but who on the most part is able to capitalize on those privileges . their lives are shown in four general time periods in chronological order when they attend the same college their time in new york city during wwii his life as a hollywood screenwriter post -war and his life as a writer for a new york based live television show . it is during college that hubbell finds his voice in life as a writer and that katie sees beyond his good looks to find a person with substance who realizes his position in a life as something that does not give him an inherent right to those opportunities . external world events such as the spanish civil war wwii and the house un -american activities investigation do affect their lives directly but it is how they deal with these effects personally largely in relation to personal relationships - such as with hubbell 's long term friends j .j. and carol ann the latter his college girlfriend - that may dictate if katie and hubbell are able to make it in the long term as a couple .
when two escaping american world war ii prisoners are killed the german pow camp barracks black marketeer j .j. sefton is suspected of being an informer .
henri "papillon" charierre is sentenced to life in prison and transported to the penal in french guyana . aboard ship on the voyage over he meets louis dega a forger . they form a bond that will last them a great many years . the conditions at the penal colony are horrific and papillon desperately wants to escape . his first attempt ends quickly in failure and as a result he spends years in solitary confinement . his next attempt is somewhat more successful and he actually spends a idyllic time with a tribe of central america indians . once caught however he does years in solitary confinement . once released he decides to make one final attempt at freedom .
joey evans is charming handsome funny talented and a first class a -number-one heel . when joey meets the former chorus girl ("she used to be 'vera...with the vanishing veils '") and now rich widow vera simpson the two lecherous souls seem made for each other . that is until linda english comes along . linda is a "mouse on the chorus line " and built like there 's no tomorrow . but she 's the typical good little girl from a good little home -- just the right ingredient to louse up joey 's cushy set up .
two bawdy tough looking navy lifers - "bad-ass" buddusky and "mule" mulhall - are commissioned to escort a young pilferer named meadows to the brig in portsmouth . meadows is not much of a thief . indeed in his late teens he is not much of a man at all . his great crime was to try to steal forty dollars from the admiral 's wife 's pet charity . for this he 's been sentenced to eight years behind bars . at first buddusky and mulhall view the journey as a paid vacation but their holiday spirits are quickly depressed by the prisoner who looks prepared to break into tears at any moment . and he has the lowest self -image imaginable . buddusky gets it into his head to give meadows a good time and teach him a bit about getting on in the world . lesson one : don 't take every card life deals you . next he teaches meadows to drink and as a coup de grace finds a nice young whore to instruct him in lovemaking . mule who worries aloud about his own position with military authority seems pleased with meadows 's progress . however when the trio reach portsmouth the game comes abruptly to an end as reality sets in .
robert dupea has given up his promising career as a concert pianist and is now working in oil fields . he lives together with rayette who 's a waitress in a diner . when robert hears from his sister that his father isn 't well he drives up to washington to see him taking rayette with him . there he gets confronted with his rich cultured family that he had left behind .
the inhabitants of an institution in a remote country rebel against their keepers . their acts of rebellion are by turns humorous boring and alarming . an allegory on the problematic nature ...
after a tragedy john ingram and his wife rae spend some time isolated at sea when they come across a stranger who has abandoned a sinking ship .
from the beginning of the film : "this is the story of a new twist on the oldest profession . the film follows a group of brazilian prostitutes over two years as they work not only the streets of rio but those of paris rome and milan ." the twist is that these prostitutes are gay transexual and transvestite .
terry brogan an aging football player in l .a. is cut early in the season ; he needs money so he takes a job from a shady friend of his jake wise to track down wise 's girlfriend jessie who 's somewhere in mexico . she 's also the daughter of a very wealthy land developer who owns terry 's team . he heads for cozumel finds jessie and promptly falls in love with her . he thinks it 's mutual then without warning she heads back to l .a. and jake . what 's going on with her and what 's the connection between jake 's hold on jessie and the various politicians lawyers and environmentalists who seem to be converging on some sort of land deal ? terry keeps looking for answers .
writer harry street reflects on his life as he lies dying from an infection while on safari in the shadow of mount kilamanjaro .
an la detective is murdered because she has microfilm with the recipe to make cocaine cookies . a "lethal weapon " style cop team tries to find and stop the fiends before they can dope the ...
a group of southern california high school students are enjoying their most important subjects : sex drugs and rock n ' roll .
based on the true story of lindy chamberlain . during a camping trip to ayers rock in outback australia she claimed that she witnessed a dingo stealing her baby daughter azaria from the family tent . azaria 's body was never found . police noted some apparent inconsistencies in her story and she was charged with murder . the case attracted a lot of attention turning an investigation into a media circus with the public divided in their opinions .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
sports physician marcus persuades his unstable brother david to come with him and train for a bicycle race across the rocky mountains . he doesn 't tell him that he has a brain aneurysm which ...
in istanbul the lawyer of simpson & simpson linda westinghouse has erotic dreams with a strange woman every night and her analyst dr . alwin seward suggests her to find another lover . linda is assigned to resolve an inheritance issue with the hungarian countess nadine oskudar that has inherited a real estate from count dracula . linda leaves her boyfriend omar in the istanbul hilton and travels to the kadidados island . while waiting for transportation in the continent linda is advised by a local that the island would be a place of death and insanity and she should not travel to there . however she does not pay attention to the man and meets countess oskudar that is a lesbian vampire fascinated by linda . the countess drinks the blood of linda and she has amnesia and is sent to a mental institution where dr steiner who is also a vampire expert treats her and puts an advertisement in the newspapers . omar finds linda and dr . steiner teaches her how to kill a vampire . linda has to be very powerful to resist the spell of countess oskudar that has a crush on her and destroy the vampire .
norman maine a movie star whose career is on the wane meets showgirl esther blodgett when he drunkenly stumbles into her act one night . a friendship develops then blossoms into romance before tensions increase as esther 's career takes off while norman 's continues to plummet .
three intercut stories about outsiders sex and violence . in "hero" richie at age kills his father and flies away . after the event a documentary in cheesy lurid colors asks what ...
a yuppie couple buy a large house in an exclusive san fransisco neighborhood . they renovate it and plan to rent two apartments on the first floor to cover the costs . a prosperous looking man moves in but is not the ideal tenant . he never pays any rent drives the other tenants away and systematically ruins the lives of his landlords .
mr . neville a cocksure young artist is contracted by mrs . herbert the wife of a wealthy landowner to produce a set of twelve drawings of her husband 's estate a contract which extends ...
oliver deuce a successful doctor is shattered when his wife is killed in a freak car accident involving the car being driven by alba bewick colliding with a very large rare bird . his twin brother oswald is researching how carcasses decay at the local zoo . alba survives the accident although she loses one leg and her sinister physician eventually removes the other 'because it looked so sad all alone '. oswald and oliver become involved in a menage a trois with alba and uncover very dubious trafficking in zoo property . but ultimately their only goal is to try and understand their mortal condition .
an entomologist on vacation is trapped by local villagers into living with a woman whose life task is shoveling sand for them .
a young man wins and loses the first serious love of his life . al connelly falls in love with the girl of his dreams . after the summer she breaks up with him . as he tries to recover al goes to desperate measures .
a man learns he will inherit a fortune if he marries . by p .m. today .
the deranged adventures of gonzo journalist hunter thompson and his attorney oscar acosta referred to in the movie as "laslow". thompson attempts to cover the super bowl and the presidential election in his typical drug -crazed state but is continually and comically sidetracked by his even more twisted friend laslow . allegedly based on actual events .
british consulate investigator det . stephen wilson a .k.a. the eye comes across a disturbed lady serial -killer while on an otherwise mundane assignment . already a bit psychologically fragile from his wife 's abrupt removal of herself and their daughter from his life (with the lingering memory of his daughter haunting him like a manifest ghost ) his psychosis as a displaced dad dovetails with the femme fatale 's psychosis as an abandoned daughter (crying "merry christmas daddy " over her expired victims ). a bond forms or rather an obsession as the eye abandons his job to secretively stalk this mysterious woman full -time as she visits many major u .s. cities under various names leaving numerous victims .
an unsuccessful over -the-top actress becomes a successful over -the-top authoress in this biography of jacqueline susann the famed writer of "valley of the dolls " and other trashy novels . facing a failing career susann meets a successful promoter who becomes her husband . after several failures to place her in commercials and a tv quiz show he hits upon the idea for her to become a writer . in the pre her books were looked upon as trash and non -printable. but then the sexual revolution hit and an audience was born for her books . the story shows the hidden behind the scenes story of susann 's life including her autistic son and her continuing bout with cancer that she hid up to her death .
flamboyant glasgow hairdresser crawford mackinzie gets a letter from the world hairdresser international federation inviting him to its prestigious annual contest in l .a. filmmaker martin samuels is making a fly -on-the-wall documentary about crawford ; he and the crew go too . after maxing out his credit card at the century plaza hotel crawford discovers he 's been invited to participate in the audience not the contest ; he tries every angle imaginable to get in the competition : he phones fellow scot sean connery he gets a union card he asks the reigning champion for help and he connects with connery 's publicist who 's having a bad hair day . will he succeed for the little people ?
a washed up golf pro working at a driving range tries to qualify for the us open in order to win the heart of his succesful rival 's girlfriend .
stoney and dave find a caveman (link) trapped in ice thaw him out and show him around town . although link is slow to catch on to basic concepts of century life he has no trouble impressing all the girls and helping stoney and dave find the coolness they 've been searching for .
a divorced woman and her daughter come home to find that her boyfriend has left for an out of town job with no warning . this has happened before . the second surprise comes in the form of another actor who has sublet the apartment from her boyfriend (who did not mention the pair of females who would be in residence ). after some negotiation the two decide to share the apartment even though she has vowed to stay away from actors .
this study of cuba --partially written by renowned poet yevgeny yevtushenko --captures the island just before it made the transition to a post -revolutionary society . moving from city to country and back again i am cuba examines the various problems caused by political oppression as well as by great discrepancies in wealth and power . beginning in havana in the pre -castro era we see how foreigners contributed to the city 's prostitution and poverty ; this sequence features dreamy hallucinogenic camera work that creates a feeling of unease and dislocation . then in glorious images of palm tress and fertile land the film looks at the sugar cane fields in the countryside and the difficulties faced by peasants working the land . finally back in the city again leftist students battle the police and a corrupt government --and pay a high price for their rebellion .
biograpical epic of malcolm x the legendary african american leader . born malcolm little his father (a garveyite baptist minister ) was killed by the ku klux klan . malcolm became a gangster and while in jail discovered the nation of islam writings of elijah muhammad . he preaches the teachings when let out of jail but later on goes on a pilgrimage to the city of mecca there he converts to the original islamic religion and becomes a sunni muslim and changes his name to el -hajj malik al -shabazz. he is assassinated on february and dies a muslim martyr .
sister act is about a reno lounge singer named deloris van carter who witnesses her mobster boyfriend killing an employee . she is then hidden in a convent under a witness protection program . she soon makes friends with the nuns especially sister mary robert sister mary lazuras and sister mary patrick . after the mother superior catches deloris going out to a bar in the night followed by mary robert and mary patrick she orders her to join the church choir . only to find her coaching the choir and turning them into swingin ' singin ' sisters . the choir proves to be a big success with the surrounding neighborhood but will deloris ' boyfriend track her down ...
the sisters come back to delores 's show to get her back as sister mary clarence to teach music to a group of students in their parochial school which is doomed for closure . one of the girls who is the most talented of the bunch is forbidden to sing by her mother although the choir has made it to the state championship . a group of stereotypical incompetent monks tries to stop them .
a doctor 's wife is the head of a bureau that publishes and hands out literature on birth control . however the police stop it and forbid her to speak in meetings about the secret that was ...
uruguayan rugby team stranded in the snow swept andes are forced to use desperate measures to survive after a plane crash .
at a convent fragile unearthly sister agnes gives birth but the child dies and agnes retains no memory of the event . the police soon are involved because of the death of the baby . however the main conflict is between mother superior miriam ruth who wants agnes left alone and dr . martha livingston a psychiatrist determined to help agnes gain a stronger grasp on reality and uncover any wrongdoers .
frank is a retired lt col in the us army . he 's blind and impossible to get along with . charlie is at school and is looking forward to going to university ; to help pay for a trip home for christmas he agrees to look after frank over thanksgiving . frank 's niece says this will be easy money but she didn 't reckon on frank spending his thanksgiving in new york .
two slacker friends try to promote their public -access cable show .
the inseparable duo try to organize a rock concert while wayne must fend off a record producer who has an eye for his girlfriend .
two sisters join the first female professional baseball league and struggle to help it succeed amidst their own growing rivalry .
former cia analyst jack ryan is in england with his family on vacation when he suddenly witnesses an explosion outside buckingham palace . it is revealed that some people are trying to abduct a member of the royal family but jack intervenes killing one of them and capturing the other and stops the plan in its tracks . afterwards he learns that they 're irish revolutionaries and the two men are brothers . during his court hearing the one that 's still alive vows to get back at jack but is sentenced and that seems to be the end of it . however whilst the man is being transported he is broken out . jack learns of this but doesn 't think there 's anything to worry about . but when he is at the naval academy someone tries to kill him . he learns that they are also going after his family and so he rushes to find them safe but having also been the victims of a failed assassination . that 's when jack decides to rejoin the cia and they try to find the man before he makes another attempt .
the daughter of a wealthy nobleman secretly falls in love with her bodyguard .
in in broadway the decadent and narcissist actress madeline ashton is performing songbird based on tennessee williams ' sweet bird of youth . then she receives her rival helen sharp who is an aspiring writer and her fianc ernest menville who is a plastic surgeon in her dressing -room. soon menville calls off his commitment with helen and marries madeline . seven years later helen is obese in a psychiatric hospital and obsessed in seeking revenge on madeline . in the marriage of madeline and menville is finished and he is no longer a surgeon but an alcoholic caretaker . out of the blue they are invited to a party where helen will release her novel forever young and madeline goes to a beauty shop . the owner gives a business card of the specialist in rejuvenation lisle von rhuman to her . when the envious madeline sees helen thin in a perfect shape she decides to seek out lisle and buys a potion to become young again . further she advises that madeline must take care of her body . meanwhile helen seduces menville and they plot a scheme to kill madeline . when madeline comes home she has an argument menville and he pushes her from the staircase . she breaks her neck but becomes a living dead . when helen arrives at menville 's house expecting that madeline is dead she is murdered by madeline . but she also becomes a living dead and they conclude they need menville to help them to maintain their bodies . but menville wants to leave them .
a young man leaves ireland with his landlord 's daughter after some trouble with her father and they dream of owning land at the big give -away in oklahoma ca . . when they get to the new ...
a businessman thwarts his wife 's bequest of an estate to another woman .
romantic comedy about six of seattle 's young people most of whom live in the same apartment building and whose lives revolve around the city 's ever -expanding music scene . the inter -related stories about each character 's progress through the singles scene are intriguing and often very funny and the soundtrack is a grunge fanatic 's dream with the likes of soundgarden pearl jam and mudhoney .
an idiosyncratic fbi agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of twin peaks .
billy and sydney think they 're the best basketball hustlers in town so when they join forces nothing can stop them except each other . to add to their problems billy owes money and is being chased by a pair of gangster types .
a young woman destined to slay vampires demons and other infernal creatures deals with her life fighting evil with the help of her friends .
a young girl fresh out of reform school who is singing in a burlesque show is offered a scholarship to a famous music camp by the camp 's owner . she must overcome the suspicions of the other students in order to prove herself .
a camera crew follows a serial killer /thief around as he exercises his craft . he expounds on art music nature society and life as he offs mailmen pensioners and random people . slowly he begins involving the camera crew in his activities and they begin wondering if what they 're doing is such a good idea particularly when the killer kills a rival and the rival 's brother sends a threatening letter .
a tough police sergeant 's mother comes to visit him and promptly starts trying to fix up his life much to his embarrassment . for his birthday she buys him a machine gun out of the back of a van and begins to further interfere with his job and love life eventually helping him with a case he 's on .
a test pilot asks his best friend to use him as a guinea pig for a cryogenics experiment . daniel mccormick wants to be frozen for a year so that he doesn 't have to watch his love lying in a coma . the next thing daniel knows is that he 's been awoken in .
weekly documentary series focussing on political and social issues .
two drifters one a gentle but slow giant try to make money working the fields during the depression so they can fulfill their dreams .
while investigating a young nun 's rape a corrupt new york city police detective with a serious drug and gambling addiction tries to change his ways and find forgiveness .
while sidney and her friends visit the hollywood set of stab the third film based on the woodsboro murders a new ghostface begins to terrorize them once again .
when a 'single white female ' places an ad in the press for a similar woman to rent a room (to replace the boyfriend she 's just left ) all the applicants seem weird . then along comes a level headed woman who seems to be just right . the new lodger has a secret past which haunts her .
fraternal twins set out to rid boston of the evil men operating there while being tracked down by an fbi agent .
an undercover dea agent brings down the mafia .
documentary about brandon teena (aka teena brandon ) a transgendered person who was murdered along with two others in in rural nebraska . the story is told through interviews with people who knew brandon recorded interrogation and trial transcripts and photographs and file film footage .
karl foyle and paul prentice were best mates at school in the seventies . but when they meet again in present -day london things are definitely not the same . karl is now kim a transsexual and she has no desire to stir up the past while she 's busy forging a neat and orderly new life . prentice on the other hand has charm but is a social disaster stuck in a dead -end job . his main talent is for getting them both into trouble . amid the squabbles they start to fall in love . one night kim invites prentice to a romantic dinner at her flat . prentice finding the seduction unexpectedly effective freaks out . he proceeds to make a public display of both of them and winds up in court . humiliated and angry kim runs away . only she can save prentice now but will true love triumph for a new made woman and an aging punk ?
in a manhattan psychiatric hospital a man convinced he is sherlock holmes is treated by a female doctor who happens to be named watson .
twenty -something richard travels to thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map . rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise a tropical bliss - excited and intrigued he sets out to find it .
when a school in upstate new york is snowed in a group of students hi -jack a plow to keep the school closed .
in a remote mountain village the teacher must leave for a month and the mayor can find only a -year old girl wei minzhi to substitute . the teacher leaves one stick of chalk for each day and promises her an extra yuan if there 's not one less student when he returns . within days poverty forces the class troublemaker zhang huike to leave for the city to work . minzhi possessed of a stubborn streak determines to bring him back . she enlists the remaining pupils in earning money for her trip . she hitches to jiangjiakou city and begins her search . the boy meanwhile is there lost and begging for food . minzhi 's stubbornness may be huike and the village school 's salvation .
a police lt . is ordered to stop investigating deadly crime boss mr . brown because he hasn 't been able to get any hard evidence against him . he then goes after brown 's girlfriend who despises him for information instead .
judd runs the starlight hotel out in some sort of swampy place and is unfortunately a few slices short of a loaf . he has a crocodile conveniently placed on the other side of the hotel 's front porch railing . the croc will eat just about anything as the hapless guests of the hotel find out soon enough . a reformed hooker an unlucky family and the father and sister of the hooker all suffer various rates of attrition as judd tries to implement damage control .
buried grudges have disasterous consequences for a class reunion in this unapologetically bloody film from korean director dae -wung lim .
seth davis is a college dropout running an illegal casino from his rented apartment . driven by his domineering fathers disapproval at his illegitimate existence and his desire for serious wealth seth suddenly finds himself seduced by the opportunity to interview as a trainee stock broker from recent acquaintance greg (nicky katt ). walking into the offices of jt marlin a small time brokerage firm on the outskirts of new york - seth gets an aggressive cameo performance from jay (ben affleck ) that sets the tone for a firm clearly placing money above all else . seth 's fractured relationship with his father and flirtatious glances from love interest abbie (nia long ) are enough to keep seth motivated in his new found career . as he begins to excel and develop a love for the hard sale and high commission a few chance encounters leads seth to question the legitimacy of the firms operations - placing him once again at odds with his father and what remains of his morality . with homages to wall street and glengarry glen ross it 's a decent debut feature for ben younger who 's script exposes a truly sinister side of an already immoral business .
georgia mozell eve marks and maddy mozell are adult sisters . georgia is the editor of her own wildly successful self -titled women 's magazine . she strives for publicity at any cost . party planner eve is the mother hen of the group not only of her own family but also of her siblings and father as their mother pat not only emotionally left their father when they divorced but her daughters as well . and maddy is a vacuous soap opera actress who has always struggled for her own identity . despite being as busy with her own life as the others eve is the only one of the three who deals with the long term hospitalization of their cantankerous seventy -nine year old father lou mozell when he enters the early stages of dementia and the associated outcomes of that hospitalization . eve 's caring for lou is despite an especially hurtful incident with him seven years earlier . as the emotional aspect of looking after lou becomes more and more stressful eve has to figure out how to maintain her own sanity while dealing with her sisters who believe they too are part of their father 's care while they don 't lift a finger to help .
the space transport vessel "hunter-gratzner" carrying people on -board crashes on a desert planet when the ship is struck in a meteor storm . there are only survivors among them are pilot carolyn fry (who has assumed command after the ship 's captain is killed ) bounty hunter william j . johns religious man abu al -walid antiques dealer paris p . ogilvie runaway teenager jack settlers john 'zeke' ezekiel and his lover sharon 'shazza' montgomery and richard b . riddick a dangerous escaped convict . marooned the survivors discover the barren and hot desert -scape has sunlight from three suns . not only must they find food and water and worry about riddick the survivors find themselves being hunted by the planet 's flesh -eating alien inhabitants when the planet is engulfed in darkness which happens every years as they emerge from underground to hunt and eat all signs of life . fry and the survivors find riddick is their best chance of survival as riddick has surgically -enhanced eyes that allow him to see in the dark as they set out to find a way of escaping from the planet and getting to a escape shuttle before they all get eaten by the creatures on the surface .
montreal canada . a down -on-his luck dentist "oz" oseransky (matthew perry ) discovers that his new neighbor is jimmy "the tulip " tudeski (bruce willis ) former mob contract killer turned police informant upon whom the hungarian mob has put on price on . egged on my his loathsome wife sophie (rosanna arquette ) oz sets off to chicago to let the mob know where the tulip is and hopefully claim part of the reward .
hilarious documentary on the wildlife of the namib desert .
this documentary follows the lives of a number of heroin addicts in the u .s.a. it shows their heroin life stories .
three workers zeke (richard pryor ) jerry (harvey keitel ) and smokey (yaphet kotto ) are working at a car plant and drinking their beers together . one night when they steal away from their ...
bruno a sadistic criminal wants clever con man leo out of the way . leo and his equally clever wife lily are up to something . so too is julius : he hires leo to kill gloria julius 's wife ...
with the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler a dewy -eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically .
set in brooklyn jeffrey willis has just finished high school and isn 't quite sure what the future holds . his parents expect him to go to college but he is starting to find his close -knit family stifling . he gets a summer job at the flamingo beach club where he meets phil brody a successful car dealer who fills jeffrey 's head with ideas about how to make his fortune . phil is everything jeffrey would like to be - popular rich and the best gin rummy player the club has ever seen . jeffrey 's coming of age includes a romance with the very pretty carla samson but the shine on phil brody 's philosophy of life wears off when he uncovers a significant flaw in his character .
the player character is a dog named jake who is in love with a golden furred dog named trixie . trixie is kidnapped by a couple of sinister men without her owner even knowing it . jake sniffs around and discovers that she isn 't the only dog these men have kidnapped . he sniffs digs pees poos eats swims jumps and begs his way through the game to obtain allies against the enemy and to save trixie .
two western bank /train robbers flee to bolivia when the law gets too close .
lizzie borden high 's class of are going through the motions at their tenth -year reunion until deranged alum walter baylor driven insane by a sadistic senior -year prank escapes from the mental institution and crashes the party . when guests start getting bumped off the other alumni including snooty yacht salesman bob spinnaker class tease bunny packard and class zero gary nash spring into action to uncover the culprit . chuck berry makes an onstage appearance .
short tells the story of a woman 's spectacular ocean view from her apartment .
after assuming his dead cellmate 's identity to get with his girlfriend an ex -con finds himself the reluctant participant in a casino heist .
grady tripp is a professor /writer living in pittsburgh who is struggling with writer 's block . whilst doing this he also manages to get the chancellor pregnant . in the meantime he and a college student james leer are trying to find a rare jacket once owned by marilyn monroe and a college girl hannah green boarding with grady has a bit of a crush on him .
after the death of the president his successor is on the campaign trail to be re -elected. on a stop in colorado he is suddenly snowed in and he and his entourage are forced to take shelter in a small diner . of course the group completely take over from the diner 's owner and his french -canadian waitress . also in the diner is a local redneck and a married couple . suddenly the movie moves into a suspense film as the president learns that iraq has invaded kuwait and slaughtered hundreds of american soldiers . setting up temporary communications the president announces that he will launch a nuclear attack on iraq immediately if the country does not withdraw . iraq reacts that they have nuclear missiles trained on the us that they are ready to launch . tensions mount with the involved civilians offering a different viewpoint to the president from the normal opinions of his advisers .
when a woman drives a car into the river to her death everyone in town becomes a suspect .
abbie tired of failed relationships has a one -night-stand with her gay friend ; they agree to raise the resulting baby together .
a highly -evolved planet whose denizens feel no emotion and reproduce by cloning plans to take over earth from the inside by sending an operative fashioned with a humming mechanical ...
this documentary focuses on the lives of professional wrestlers terry funk mick foley (mankind) jake roberts (jake the snake ) and darren drozdov (droz). as the film progresses the story of their lives unfolds as we also learn how the wrestling industry is not the plastic -weapons fake -slap sideshow that many have perceived it as . we are shown how moves although not actually injuring anyone are not fake and extreme training is required to be able to perform the stunts without being harmed . we are also treated to interviews with the family of mick foley and what it is like for them to know their father literally puts his life on the line every week and how it feels to have other children call their father a "fake". vince mcmahon owner of world wrestling entertainment also makes a few appearances responding to criticism on various wrestling situations including once again his real athletes very real organization being called fake by sources such as usa today and various news programs .
a rash of burglaries and dog deaths collide with a burglars guilty conscience . his sanity is questioned as he battles an invisible force and tries to escape the home of his last victim .
in a prepubescent boy in rural australia watches painfully as his best friend and first love an older girl blossoms into womanhood and falls for a thuggish rugby player setting off a chain of events that irreversibly changes the lives of everyone involved .
a fragile kansas girl 's love for a handsome young man from the town 's most powerful family drives her to heartbreak and madness .
high school senior bobby chrystal fails his french class which will block him from entering yale . his rich authoritarian father hires an attractive -year-old to tutor bobby over the summer and help him pass a make -up exam . while bobby 's friends lead him away into strange excursions aimed at losing their virginities bobby finds all the extracurricular activities he needs with his new tutor .
frank mccloud travels to a run -down hotel on key largo to honor the memory of a friend who died bravely in his unit during ww ii . his friend 's widow nora temple and wheelchair bound father james temple manage the hotel and receive him warmly but the three of them soon find themselves virtual prisoners when the hotel is taken over by a mob of gangsters led by johnny rocco who hole up there to await the passing of a hurricane . mr . temple strongly reviles rocco but due to his infirmities can only confront him verbally . having become disillusioned by the violence of war frank is reluctant to act but rocco 's demeaning treatment of his alcoholic moll gaye dawn and his complicity in the deaths of some innocent seminole indians and a deputy sheriff start to motivate mccloud to overcome his hamlet -like inaction .
this movie documents the apollo missions perhaps the most definitively of any movie under two hours . al reinert watched all the footage shot during the missions --over feet of it and picked out the best . instead of being a newsy fact -filled documentary . reinart focuses on the human aspects of the space flights . the only voices heard in the film are the voices of the astronauts and mission control . reinart uses the astronaunts ' own words from interviews and from the mission footage . the score by brian eno underscores the strangeness wonder and and beauty of the astronauts ' experiences --experiences which they were privileged to have for a first time "for all mankind ."
a german commander places a squad in extreme danger after its sergeant refuses to lie for him .
rumours abound about what may go on at a creepy mansion just out of town . the house is owned by dr . eric vornoff who is conducting experiments to turn people into super -beings through the use of atomic power . reporter janet lawton decides to look into what is going there and its possible connection to men that have disappeared in the area . when vornoff takes her prisoner he has definite plans for her .
a tycoon hires a tutor to teach his lover proper etiquette .
philly boys al and birdy became friends in high school despite the extreme difference in their personalities al being the popular and athletic extrovert birdy the antisocial "weird" introvert . al gave birdy his nickname because of his fascination - obsession really - with birds especially with flight . al and birdy have just completed their service of duty in the vietnam war and have returned to the states . al sustained some serious physical injuries which required major reconstructive surgery to his face . birdy however returned from vietnam seemingly emotionally scarred . he was missing in action for one month . he has not spoken since he was found . despite his own medical issues al travels to the institution where birdy is being kept to see if he can assist in getting birdy out of his near comatose state . having always had issues with authority al is less than forthright with the doctors about birdy 's mental state prior to the war . as al tries whatever he can to help birdy using tools from their shared history prior to the war he deals with his own post -war mental state .
in this variation on director vadim 's own more acclaimed et dieu cra la femme the same title in french ) the vamp robin shea marries charming carpenter billy moran only to get out of prison but soon decides to seduce james tiernan who runs for state governor .
the researcher tyler is assigned by his government to travel to the arctic to study the wolves that they believe are responsible for the reduction of the caribou population . the reckless pilot rosie takes him to the wilderness and he is left alone with his supply in an extremely cold spot . he is saved by the local ootek that is traveling with his dog sledding . he builds a shelter for tyler and organizes his supplies . tyler finds two wolves that he calls george and angeline and their three offspring and he examines his excrement to learn what they eat . soon he discovers that the wolves eat only mice and tyler decides to do the same to prove to the government that the wolves do not eat caribous . ootek returns with his friend mike that speaks english and translates what ootek say . the trio stays together and tyler learns that mike is a hunter . mike travels with ootek by canoe to see a herd of caribou that is attacked by a pack of wolves . tyler examines the bones and finds that the animal was diseased proving that the wolves are responsible for keeping the caribou strong as told by ootek . tyler finds rosie with two hunters planning to explore the area with tourism and tyler has an argument with the pilot and returns to the camp . he finds the three offspring but the wolves are missing . tyler initially suspects of rosie but when he sees the nervous mike he finds that he killed the animals .
professor hargrave (james durkin ) a noted scientist is in indo -china seeking an ivory -disc that is engraved with the formula for a deadly gas . dr . barshan ('john davidson ' (qb)) his assistant wang (frank lackteen ) and his henchmen are also after the sacred formula and will stop at nothing to obtain it . professor hargrave 's daughter pauline (evalyn knapp ) and flight -engineer robert ward (craig reynolds (i)') do their best to protect hargraves from the band of villains .
walter lee younger is a young man struggling with his station in life . sharing a tiny apartment with his wife son sister and mother he seems like an imprisoned man . until that is the family gets an unexpected financial windfall ...
the citizens of the southern town pleasant valley lure six yankee tourists into town where they are to be the reluctant guests for the centennial celebration of the day a band of renegade union troops decimated the town . the town then participates in events a different event for each of the tourists in which the tourist is dispatched . one couple begins to suspect something and seeks a way to escape .
in a crew of astronauts has been prepared for a two -year international mission in mars . jim mcconnell woody blake and his wife terri fisher luke graham and phil ohlmyer are best friends and jim lost his chance to land on mars when his beloved wife maggie mcconnell died . the team of four astronauts land on mars but a mysterious storm kills three of them and only luke survives . a rescue team with woody in command and jim terri and phil heads to the red planet and discovers that only luke has survived . their further investigation shows that the storm that killed the three other astronauts was artificial and created to protect a face that lies on mars . what might be the intriguing face ?
a rare book dealer while seeking out the last two copies of a demon text gets drawn into a conspiracy with supernatural overtones .
in the summer of tens of thousands of tourists from communist east germany came to hungary . they were deeply disillusioned because they felt they had no future in east germany . there was no freedom no choice in the shops salaries were low and they could not travel except to eastern europe . they wanted to go to a prosperous and free west germany but they could not get passports so they hoped that by travelling through hungary the least suppressed country of the soviet block they could cross the iron curtain into austria and then travel on into west germany . for them the hungary of twenty years ago was the new east -west passage .
yuppie daniel miller is killed in a car accident and goes to judgment city a waiting room for the afterlife . during the day he must prove in a courtroom -style process that he successfully overcame his fears (a hard task given the pitiful life we are shown ); at night he falls in love with julia the only other young person in town . nights are a time of hedonistic pleasure since you can (for instance ) eat all you want without getting fat .
best friends dave mike cyril and moocher have just graduated from high school . living in the college town of bloomington indiana they are considered "cutters": the working class of the town so named since most of the middle aged generation such as their parents worked at the local limestone quarry which is now a swimming hole . there is great animosity between the cutters and the generally wealthy indiana university students each group who have their own turf in town . the dichotomy is that the limestone was used to build the university which is now seen as being too good for the locals who built it . although each of the four is a totally different personality from the other three they also have in common the fact of being unfocused and unmotivated in life . the one slight exception is dave . although he has no job and doesn 't know what to do with his life he is a champion bicycle racer . he idolizes the italian cycling team so much he pretends to be italian much to the chagrin of his parents especially his used car salesman father ray stoller who just doesn 't understand his son . dave crosses the unofficial line when he meets and wants to date a iu co -ed named katherine bennett who intrigued by dave in turn is already dating rod one of the big men on campus . dave passes himself off to her as an italian exchange student named enrico gismondi . beyond katarina as he calls her dave 's main immediate focus is that the italian cycling team have announced that they will be in indianapolis for an upcoming race which he intends to enter to be able to race his idols . after an incident at the race dave with a little help from his parents and unwittingly by actions of his friends has to reexamine his life what he really wants to get out of it and how best to start achieving it .
a coach with a checkered past and a local drunk train a small town high school basketball team to become a top contender for the championship .
crash is an aging minor league ball player brought up from another team to mature a young pitcher with maturity problems . both of them become involved with ann a baseball groupie with her own perspective on the game .
based upon a real -life story that happened in the early seventies in which the chase manhattan bank in gravesend brooklyn was held siege by a gay bank robber determined to steal enough money for his male lover to undergo a sex change operation . on a hot summer afternoon the first savings bank of brooklyn is held up by sonny and sal two down -and-out characters . although the bank manager and female tellers agree not to interfere with the robbery sonny finds that there 's actually nothing much to steal as most of the cash has been picked up for the day . sonny then gets an unexpected phone call from police captain moretti who tells him the place is surrounded by the city 's entire police force . having few options under the circumstances sonny nervously bargains with moretti demanding safe escort to the airport and a plane out of the country in return for the bank employees ' safety .
it 's the proverbial end of the summer in a small southern california town . it 's the evening before best friends and recent high school graduates curt henderson and steve bolander are scheduled to leave town to head to college back east . curt who received a lucrative local scholarship is seen as the promise that their class holds . but curt is having second thoughts about leaving what steve basically sees as their dead end town . curt 's beliefs are strengthened when he spots an unknown beautiful blonde in a t -bird who mouths the words "i love you " to him . as curt tries to find that blonde while trying to get away from a local gang who have him somewhat hostage curt may come to a decision about his immediate future . outgoing class president steve on the other hand wants to leave despite meaning that he will leave girlfriend head cheerleader and curt 's sister laurie henderson behind . steve and laurie spend the evening "negotiating" the state of their relationship . meanwhile two of their friends cruise around town for the evening . steve has left his car to meek and mild -mannered terry "toad" fields to look after during his absence . the wheels give toad a new sense of confidence which he uses to try and impress debbie dunham a more experienced girl generally out of his league . and john milner who is seen as the king of the street race in his souped -up yellow deuce coupe tries to get rid of precocious pre -teen carol morrison who has somehow become his passenger for the evening while dealing with the challenge of bold out -of-towner bob falfa .
when the intelligent criminal erwin "doc" riedenschneider is released from prison he seeks a fifty thousand -dollar investment from the bookmaker cobby to recruit a small gang of specialists for a million -dollar heist of jewels from a jewelry . doc is introduced to the lawyer alonzo d . emmerich that offers to finance the whole operation and buy the gems immediately after the burglary . doc hires the safecracker louis ciavelli the driver gus minissi and the gunman dix handley to the heist . his plan works perfectly but bad luck and betrayals compromise the steps after the heist and the gangsters need to flee from the police .
three wanderers search for the key to escape the limbo that engulfs them .
a woman starts work on a farm and gets to know the owner . they get on well and she also gets on with his children . he asks her to stay on when the work is finished . things are not what they seem and we discover the woman is actually an fbi agent ...
the early life of woody guthrie as a vagabond folk singer .
after the nazi administrator of czechoslovakia is shot his assassin tries to elude the gestapo and struggles with his impulse to give himself up as hostages are executed .
in atomic war wipes out humanity in the northern hemisphere ; one american submarine finds temporary safe haven in australia where life -as-usual covers growing despair . in denial about the loss of his wife and children in the holocaust american captain towers meets careworn but gorgeous moira davidson who begins to fall for him . the sub returns after reconnaissance a month (or less ) before the end ; will towers and moira find comfort with each other ?
sexy beautician clara calhoun who has a bookie operation in her back room connives with her boyfriend mob collector duke martin to stage a robbery of the day 's take . but the caper turns violent ; a cop and duke 's partner are shot ; and duke arranges for innocent steve ryan owner of the car they stole to be framed . at first homicide detective mickey ferguson thinks steve is guilty despite his attraction to steve 's sister rosie . and the suave but ruthless duke won 't hesitate to keep it that way with more of his perfumed bullets ...
four seemingly -unrelated men board subway train pelham at successive stations . mr . blue mr . green mr . grey and mr . brown are heavily armed and overpower the motorman and novice conductor to take control of the train . between stations they separate the front car from the remainder of the train setting passengers in the back cars and the motorman free . the four demand million ransom within exactly one hour for the remaining eighteen hostages including the conductor . if their demands are not met in time or their directions are not followed precisely they will begin to shoot hostages dead one every minute the money is late . wisecracking lt . zach garber of the transit police ends up being the primary communicator between the hijackers and the authorities which includes transit operations his own police force the nypd and the unpopular and currently flu ridden mayor who will make the ultimate decision of whether to pay the ransom . unknown to garber what may be working on their side is the disparate nature of the four hijackers including methodical and unbending blue trigger happy grey and also under the weather green who may pass out before the caper has concluded . what garber does know is that there is a plain clothes nypd officer among the eighteen hostages . what garber has to try and figure out is how the four hijackers can possibly get away as they are in a tunnel and have to remain with the train since it has a dead -man mechanism which requires a motorman at the controls at all times .
lawrence is a rich kid with a bad accent and a large debt . after his father refuses to help him out lawrence escapes his angry debtors by jumping on a peace corp flight to southeast asia ...
on november president john f . kennedy is assassinated in dallas . lee harvey oswald is arrested for the crime and subsequently shot by jack ruby supposedly avenging the president 's death . an investigation concludes that lee harvey oswald and jack ruby acted alone in their respective crimes but louisiana district attorney jim garrison is skeptical . assembling a trusted group of people garrison conducts his own investigation bringing about backlash from powerful government and political figures .
harry crumb is a bumbling and inept private investigator who is hired to solve the kidnapping of a young heiress which he 's not expected to solve because his employer is the mastermind behind the kidnapping .
returning from a hunting trip in the forest the henderson family 's car hits an animal in the road . at first they fear it was a man but when they examine the "body" they find it 's a "bigfoot". they think it 's dead so they decide to take it home (there could be some money in this ..). as you guessed "it" isn 't dead . far from being the ferocious monster they fear "harry" to be he 's a friendly giant . in their attempts to keep harry a secret the henderson 's have to hide him from the authorities and a man who has made it his goal in life to catch a "bigfoot".
glendon wasey is a fortune hunter looking for a fast track out of china . gloria tatlock is a missionary nurse seeking the curing powers of opium for her patients . fate sets them on a hectic exotic and even romantic quest for stolen drugs . but they are up against every thug and smuggler in shangai .
elizabeth pedroza (curtis) has been crushing the hottest guy in her university john eduque jr . (manzano). she remained unnoticed because she happens to be just an ordinary girl who ordinarily adores the types of john a hunky athletic popular honor student . but there 's more to john than meets the eye and elizabeth had known that and this distinct feature of him makes her love him even more . through the years elizabeth strive and becomes the dream girl of every guy who walks in the planet independent beautiful sophisticated sweet and loving . no longer the ordinary college student she used to be . but elizabeth still loves no other than john and keeps tons of pictures of him decorated in her new condominium . when she read a news about john eduque being dead she immediately assumed that it was john eduque jr . and not john 's father . she goes to the funeral all dressed in black matched with a black veil . she cried her lungs out in front of the casket saying the things she should have said only if john is still alive . when she finally noticed that she made a mistake seeing that the john she thought the dead was is stunned with all the people in the funeral she run for her life with total embarrassment . now that john and his vicious mother (domingo) are on the look out for the mistress they believe elizabeth was what could happen to elizabeth 's long life dream of becoming john 's one and only love ?
a cunning and resourceful housewife vows revenge on her husband when he begins an affair with a wealthy romance novelist .
jim is soon to be married to patty but when he wakes up after a bachelor party thrown by his friends he finds an injured angel in his pool . when patty sees her she thinks he 's seeing ...
walter davis is a workaholic . his attention is all to his work and very little to his personal life or appearance . now he needs a date to take to his company 's business dinner with a new ...
in texas a woman trying to recover sexy photos of herself and divorce her husband witnesses a murder and uncovers corrupt land dealings .
while living the quiet life in a swamp kermit the frog is approached by a hollywood agent to audition for the chance of a lifetime . so kermit takes this chance for his big break as he makes the journey to hollywood . along the way kermit comes across several quirky new friends including comedic fozzie bear beautiful but feisty miss piggy and the great gonzo . but kermit must also watch out for ruthless doc hopper who plans to use him as his spokesman for his frog legs food chain .
kermit and fozzie are newspaper reporters sent to london to interview lady holiday a wealthy fashion designer whose priceless diamond necklace is stolen . kermit meets and falls in love with her secretary miss piggy . the jewel thieves strike again and this time frame miss piggy . it 's up to kermit and muppets to bring the real culprits to justice .
kermit and his friends go to new york to get their musical on broadway only to find it 's a more difficult task than they anticipated .
captain new eyes travels back in time and feeds dinosaurs his brain grain cereal which makes them intelligent and nonviolent . they agree to go to the middle future (this era ) in order to grant the wishes of children in new york city . they are to meet dr . bleeb of the museum of natural history but get side -tracked with their new friends and run into the captain 's evil brother professor screw eyes who has other plans for the dinosaurs .
two separate people a man and a woman find something very stirring about the sea turtles in their tank at the london zoo . they meet and form an odd but sympathetic camaraderie as they plan to steal two of the turtles and free them into the ocean .
years later a -year-old woman named rose dewitt bukater tells the story to her granddaughter lizzy calvert brock lovett lewis bodine bobby buell and anatoly mikailavich on the keldysh about her life set in april on a ship called titanic when young rose boards the departing ship with the upper -class passengers and her mother ruth dewitt bukater and her fianc caledon hockley . meanwhile a drifter and artist named jack dawson and his best friend fabrizio de rossi win third -class tickets to the ship in a game . and she explains the whole story from departure until the death of titanic on its first and last voyage april at in the morning .
a successful attempt at an even -handed portrayal of the white star line 's (later part of cunard ) luxury liner r .m.s. titanic 's sinking from the standpoint of officer charles herbert lightoller himself the most senior of the ill -fated ship 's deck officers to survive the disaster . (lightoller later went on to distinguish himself as a line british naval officer during the first world war and served as a senior naval staff officer (convoys) during wwii . between wars he owned and operated a successful family business producing pleasure craft .) his own survival of the sinking along with several others is shown atop one of the liner 's two "collapsible" lifeboats which was capsized in floating off the liner as it sank . the picture depicts then known facts as reported after the sinking ; such as the woeful lack of adequate lifeboats the ship 's band playing true to the very end white star 's co -owner bruce ismay 's somewhat less than chivalrous departure from the sinking vessel -and- the titanic 's designer (andrews on -board) revelation that due to the severity of below -the-water-line damage and that the vaunted watertight compartments were not designed to nor sealed up to the weather deck would only delay the inevitable as sea water spilled over the top of one to the next from the bows to the stern . it also addresses the mysterious ship seen from the titanic 's bridge stopped some miles off and depicts it as being the s .s. californian whom - if that steamship had responded the loss of life could have been far far less . the californian is seen stopped due to the ice warnings the same alerts whose import were undervalued by the titanic 's captain smith . she herself had shut -down wireless operations nominally at as her sole operator retired for the evening this before the iceberg was struck and the distress calls were made by titanic . it also addresses somewhat the coal fire in one of titanic 's bunkers - apparently not uncommon back in those days before her departure into the atlantic and potential for damage to steel plates below the water line . (this picture predates the calling -into-question of the quality of rivets (metalurgy) which has since come to the fore .) the film also shows the class distinction and its impact as to whom - of the "women and children first " got a seat in a boat ; the fact that the first /earliest lifeboats launched were not at full capacity ; and that the boats launched from the port and starboard side held to different criteria as to loading . the latter allows the viewer an inference as to the importance for crew and passenger alike as to lifeboat drills which were then neither required nor ever held aboard titanic . one of several movies on the subject it stands well the test -of-time for its "just the facts " approach in the telling and avoidance of conjecture or added melodrama .
in captain horatio hornblower leads his ship the hms lydia on a perilous voyage around cape horn and into the pacific . the men even his officers don 't know exactly where he is leading them . england is at war with napoleon and everyone wonders why they have been sent so far from the action . they eventually arrive on the pacific coast of central america where the hms lydia has been sent to arm don julian alvarado who is planning an attack against france 's spanish allies on the north american continent . the hope is that alvarado 's forces will require the french to divert some of their military resources to north american defense in the aid of their spanish allies . he arrives to learn that a spanish galleon is en route and he no sooner captures it and hands it over to alvarado that he learns the spanish are now england 's allies and he must take it from alvarado . he also gets a very comely passenger in the form of lady barbara wellesley sister of the duke of wellington . the voyage is uneventful but horatio and barbara develop a deep affection for one another despite that he is married and she is engaged . there are more battles ahead however for hornblower and he finds himself under the command of admiral leighton barbara 's new husband .
erin brockovich -ellis is an unemployed single mother desperate to find a job but is having no luck . this losing streak even extends to a failed lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in . with no alternative she successfully browbeats her lawyer to give her a job in compensation for the loss . while no one takes her seriously with her trashy clothes and earthy manners that soon changes when she begins to investigate a suspicious real estate case involving the pacific gas & electric company . what she discovers is that the company is trying quietly to buy land that was contaminated by hexavalent chromium a deadly toxic waste that the company is improperly and illegally dumping and in turn poisoning the residents in the area . as she digs deeper erin finds herself leading point in a series of events that would involve her law firm in one of the biggest class action lawsuits in american history against a multi -billion dollar corporation .
alex is boarding his plane to france on a school trip when he suddenly gets a premonition that the plane will explode . when alex and a group of students are thrown off the plane to their horror the plane does in fact explode . alex must now work out death 's plan as each of the surviving students falls victim . whilst preventing the worst from happening alex must also dodge the fbi which believes alex caused the explosion .
two young couples are driving through a remote forest when their car breaks down . when a run -in with a curious grizzly bear ends up with the bear being shot to death the bear 's mate arrives on the scene and vengefully attacks their van . the couples are trapped inside the disabled car and must come up with clever ways to survive . as they battle the surprisingly intelligent creature and contemplate their uncertain fate secrets begin to emerge that threaten to tear the group apart before the bear does .
a widowed doctor of both chinese and european descent falls in love with a married american correspondent in hong kong during china 's communist revolution .
the grandson of a rich widow returns to hong kong with his girlfriend . they are charmed by an antique mirror at the grandmother 's home . the mirror used to belonged to a famous courtesan in -century china who was murdered by a treacherous lover . she laid a curse in front of her mirror before dying . the successive owners of the mirror have all encountered or provoked tragic death ...
burt lancaster plays a pirate with a taste for intrigue and acrobatics who involves himself in the goings on of a revolution in the caribbean in the late . a light hearted adventure involving prison breaks an oddball scientist sailing ships naval fights and tons of swordplay .
louise is working in a diner as a waitress and has some problems with her boyfriend jimmy who as a musician is always on the road . thelma is married to darryl who likes his wife to stay quiet in the kitchen so that he can watch football on tv . one day they decide to break out of their normal life and jump in the car and hit the road . their journey however turns into a flight when louise kills a man who threatens to rape thelma . they decide to go to mexico but soon they are hunted by american police .
when a judge is charged with rape arthur kirkland is forced to defend him . kirkland has had problems with the judge in the past including one incident when the judge wrongly sentenced his client jeff mccullaugh because of a technicality . kirkland faces a moral and legal dilemma .
faber college has one frat house so disreputable it will take anyone . it has a second one full of white anglo -saxon rich young men who are so sanctimonious no one can stand them except dean wormer . the dean enlists the help of the second frat to get the boys of delta house off campus . the dean 's plan comes into play just before the homecoming parade to end all parades for all time .
the story of nola darling 's simultaneous sexual relationships with three different men is told by her and by her partners and other friends . all three men wanted her to commit solely to them ; nola resists being "owned" by a single partner .
in the south of the united states are taking place confrontations between two groups of students who have different ideas and are not able to accept the one of the opponent .
this film looks at life in the bedford -stuyvesant district of brooklyn on a hot summer sunday . as he does everyday sal fragione opens the pizza parlor he 's owned for years . the neighborhood has changed considerably in the time he 's been there and is now composed primarily of african -americans and hispanics . his son pino hates it there and would like nothing better than to relocate the eatery to their own neighborhood . for sal however the restaurant represents something that is part of his life and sees it as a part of the community . what begins as a simple complaint by one of his customers buggin out - who wonders why he has only pictures of famous italian -americans on the wall when most of his customers are black - eventually disintegrates into violence as frustration seemingly brings out the worst in everyone .
jazz trumpeter bleek gilliam makes questionable decisions in his professional and romantic lives .
friends and family of a married black architect react in different ways to his affair with an italian secretary .
an arizona deputy goes to new york city to escort a fugitive back into custody .
a humourous and thought provoking view of what animals in zoos might be thinking about their captivity and surroundings .
a new york city architect becomes a one -man vigilante squad after his wife is murdered by street punks in which he randomly goes out and kills would -be muggers on the mean streets after dark .
architect /vigilante paul kersey arrives back in new york city and is forcibly recruited by a crooked police detective to fight street crime caused by a large gang terrorizing the neighborhoods .
an insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder /insurance fraud scheme that arouses an insurance investigator 's suspicions .
after she discovers that her boyfriend has betrayed her hilary o 'neil is looking for a new start and a new job . she begins to work as a private nurse for a young man suffering from blood ...
a rap -oriented remake of "the wild one " with heavy emphasis on the fact that rap star vanilla ice has assumed the marlon brando role .
darkness has settled over new york city as shredder and his evil foot clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians . the future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as teenage mutant ninja turtles . the turtles must work with fearless reporter april o 'neil and her cameraman vern fenwick to save the city and unravel shredder 's diabolical plan .
the turtles find out where the ooze the substance which made them mutate came from . unfortunately shredder learns about it too and uses it to enhance himself . so the turtles have to prove again who 's the better ninja fighter .
the turtles find themselves transported back in time to ancient japan .
the city of spokane washington is awakened by a north korean paratrooper invasion . marine corps veteran jed eckert and his civilian brother matt escape with a group of friends to an isolated cabin in the woods where they witness the execution of their father at the hands of the ruthless captain cho . the brothers unite with their friends to form a guerrilla resistance group --the wolverines --to drive the invaders from their home .
in an attempt of resocialisation five hopeless juvenile criminals are sent away from prison into the everglades for a survival training under the indian joe . when this is successful they ...
follows frank dux an american martial artist serving in the military who decides to leave the army to compete in a martial arts tournament in hong kong where fights to the death can occur .
a famous fashion photographer develops a disturbing ability to see through the eyes of a killer .
tommy fawkes wants to be a successful comedian but his las vegas debut is a failure . he goes back to blackpool uk where his father also a comedian started and where he spent the summers of his childhood . he starts to search for a partner a comic relief with whom he can be famous .
the story of a farmer in china : a story of humility and bravery . his father gives wang lung a freed slave as wife . by diligence and frugality the two manage to enlarge their property . but ...
two boys begin a silence strike to press their parents into buying them a television set .
john and max are elderly men living next door to each other . they 're continuously arguing and insulting each other and have been this way for over years . one day ariel moves into the street . both men are attracted to her and their rivalry steps up a gear .
after a period of vacation in hawaii joanna "joey" drayton returns to her parents ' home in san francisco bringing her fianc the high -qualified dr . john prentice to introduce him to her mother christina drayton that owns an art gallery and her father matt drayton that is the publisher editor of the newspaper the guardian . joey was raised with a liberal education and intends to get married with dr . john prentice that is a black widower and needs to fly on that night to geneva to work with the world health organization . joey invites john 's parents mr . prentice and mrs . prentice to have dinner with her family and the couple flies from los angeles to san francisco without knowing that joey is white . christina invites also the liberal monsignor ryan who is friend of her family . along the day and night the families discuss the problems of their son and daughter .
an avenging cop seeks out his brother 's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money -deal with his father .
the lives of three young people - a rich student a girl from the "wrong side of the tracks " and her boyfriend - unexpectedly intersect during one fateful summer in the romantic drama "here on earth ." kelley morse (chris klein ) who is cocky and brash normally would never have crossed paths with the residents of a small town near his posh private school . but when he takes his shiny new mercedes out for a drive he locks horns with some of the locals including jasper (josh hartnett ). as jasper 's willful girlfriend samantha (leelee sobieski ) looks on kelley and jasper engage in a dangerous car race that turns disastrous leaving a popular diner owned by samantha 's mother in ruins . kelley and jasper are sentenced to a creatively ironic but fitting punishment : they must help rebuild the diner . not only does this ruin kelley 's summer plans he also must board at the home of his rival jasper . kelley begins to fulfill his "sentence" but refuses to have anything to do with jasper and his parents . when kelley again encounters samantha the attraction is immediate and strong . first love blossoms in the berkshire woods ("a little bit of heaven here on earth " samantha calls the pastoral setting ) angering jasper who has known samantha practically his entire life . these new feelings and the romantic triangle that develops are only the beginning of a new journey for kelley samantha and jasper as they ultimately make life -changing discoveries about themselves and each other .
ryan (shane west ) is a bit of a geek with eyes for the school sex bomb ashley (jodi lyn o 'keefe) which induces cringing in his neighbor and best friend maggie (marla sokoloff ) a cute intellectual girl . but popular jock chris (james franco ) has his eye on maggie and he offers to help ryan win ashley if ryan will help chris with maggie . so begins a two -headed variation on cyrano de bergerac ; ryan composes soulful e -mails for chris and chris advises ryan to treat ashley like dirt which seems to be the only way to get her attention . at first neither finds it easy to change their ways ; chris comes on too strong and ryan is too nervous to be a jerk . but as they start to succeed ryan begins to see maggie in a new light and wonders if he 's pursuing the right girl . he realizes ashley is not meant for him and tries to convince maggie about chris 's affection for her . maggie is reluctant to take him "back" at first but then realizes ryan has a change of heart .
mohammad a boy at tehran 's institute for the blind waits for his dad to pick him up for summer vacation . while waiting he realizes a baby bird has fallen from its nest : he chases away a cat finds the bird climbs a tree and puts it back . his father finally comes and takes him to their village where his sisters and granny await . the lad is a loving student of nature and longs for village life with his family but his father is ashamed of him wanting to farm the boy out to clear the way for marriage to a woman who knows nothing of this son . over granny 's objections dad apprentices mohammad far from home to a blind carpenter . can anything bring father and son together ?
fielding pierce lives the life of an aspiring politician - in he 's serving in the coast guard (trying to avoid vietnam in the most honorable way ) and by he has entered law school . along the way he falls in love with sarah a fiercely idealistic woman who devotes her life to helping others - unfortunately she 's killed in an explosion while assisting members of the chilean resistance . nine years later in the middle of a congressional election fielding is suddenly flooded with thoughts and visions of his lost love .
story of the night that mary shelley gave birth to the horror classic "frankenstein." disturbed drug induced games are played and ghost stories are told one rainy night at the mad lord byron 's country estate . personal horrors are revealed and the madness of the evening runs from sexual fantasy to fiercest nightmare . mary finds herself drawn into the sick world of her lover shelley and cousin claire as byron leads them all down the dark paths of their souls .
country singers on their way to nashville have car trouble forcing them to stop at an old haunted mansion . soon they realize that the house is not only haunted but is also the headquarters of a ring of international spies after a top secret formula for rocket fuel .
stranded on an island a group of schoolboys degenerate into savagery .
chaplins last 'silent' film filled with sound effects was made when everyone else was making talkies . charlie turns against modern society the machine age (the use of sound in films ?) and progress . firstly we see him frantically trying to keep up with a production line tightening bolts . he is selected for an experiment with an automatic feeding machine but various mishaps leads his boss to believe he has gone mad and charlie is sent to a mental hospital ... when he gets out he is mistaken for a communist while waving a red flag sent to jail foils a jailbreak and is let out again . we follow charlie through many more escapades before the film is out .
a us sub picks up navy seals and receives an order for a nuke launch . due to the circumstances of the order the captain refuses to fire . after escaping an attack from another us sub the crew and seals take refuge on a small island .
harvey and gillian fairchild face a very difficult weekend . harvey celebrating his birthday is stressed and depressed . gillian is awaiting the results of a throat biopsy . their lives are further complicated by their three grown children a ditsy neighbor a fortune teller and an alcoholic priest .
a businessman is reunited with the four lost souls who were his guardian angels during childhood all with a particular purpose to joining the afterlife .
honest and hard -working texas rancher homer bannon has a conflict with his unscrupulous selfish arrogant and egotistical son hud who sank into alcoholism after accidentally killing his brother in a car crash .
fast eddie felson is a small -time pool hustler with a lot of talent but a self -destructive attitude . his bravado causes him to challenge the legendary "minnesota fats " to a high -stakes match but he loses in a heartbreaking marathon . now broke and without his long -time manager felson faces an uphill battle to regain his confidence and his game . it isn 't until he hits rock bottom that he agrees to join up with ruthless and cutthroat manager bert gordon . gordon agrees to take him on the road to learn the ropes . but felson soon realizes that making it to the top could cost him his soul and perhaps his girlfriend . will he decide that this is too steep a price to pay in time to save himself ?
teacher b .t. cates is arrested for teaching darwin 's theories . famous lawyer henry drummond defends him ; fundamentalist politician matthew brady prosecutes . this is a very thinly disguised rendition of the "scopes monkey trial " with debates between clarence darrow and william jennings bryan taken largely from the transcripts .
a russian army explorer who is rescued in siberia by a rugged asian hunter renews his friendship with the woodsman years later when he returns as the head of a larger expedition . the hunter finds that all of his nature lore is of no help when he accompanies the explorer back to civilization .
after an encounter with u .f.o.s a line worker feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen .
karen has to take a ride in frank 's car . he 's travelling with his wife on his way to sell computer chips which he obtained illegally . he suspects his wife is being unfaithful and tragic things happen following a discussion . karen escapes reaching a lab where a scientist has discovered how to go back in time and she returns by accident some minutes before the violent events . then she tries to make things better but things tend to become worse as time cycles keep being repeated .
the young and poor george eastman (montgomery clift ) leaves his religious mother and chicago and arrives in california expecting to find a better job in the business of his wealthy uncle charles eastman . his cousin earl eastman advises him that there are many women in the factory and the basic rule is that he must not hang around with any of them . george meets the worker of the assembly line alice tripp in the movie theater and they date . meanwhile the outcast george is promoted and he meets the gorgeous angela vickers at a party thrown at his uncle 's house . angela introduces him to the local high society and they fall in love with each other . however alice is pregnant and she wants to get married with george . during a dinner party at angela 's lake house with parents relatives and friends alice calls george from the bus station and gives him thirty minutes to meet her ; otherwise she will crash the party and tell what has happened . george is pressed by the situation which ends in a tragedy .
new york postal worker jacob singer is trying to keep his frayed life from unraveling . his days are increasingly being invaded by flashbacks to his first marriage his now -dead son and his tour of duty in vietnam . although his new wife tries to help jacob keep his grip on sanity the line between reality and delusion is steadily growing more and more uncertain .
a day in the life of the employees of empire records . except this is a day where everything comes to a head for a number of them facing personal crises - can they pull through together ? and more importantly can they keep their record store independent and not swallowed up by corporate greed ?
in africa albinos who lack pigment in their skin eyes and hair are being targeted . there 's a belief system which holds that owning an albino body part or piece of hair will bring wealth and good luck . bamba a documentary about an albino named bamba who formed the national association of senegalese albinos follows him on a journey after albinos in senegal were victims of attack for the first time in the countries history . this documentary exposes the large scale of issues albinos face : attacks on women discrimination in the school system limited resources and high rates of cancer related deaths .
philipe gastone a thief escapes from the dungeon at aquila sparking a manhunt . he is nearly captured when captain navarre befriends him . navarre has been hunted by the bishop 's men for ...
a socially inept fourteen year old experiences heartbreak for the first time when his two best friends --one an older -brother figure the other a girl with whom he is in love -- fall for each other .
thirty -something rob gordon a former club dj owns a not so lucrative used record store in chicago . he not so much employs barry and dick but rather keeps them around as they showed up at the store one day and never left . all three are vinyl and music snobs but in different ways . rob has a penchant for compiling top five lists . the latest of these lists is his top five break -ups it spurred by the fact that his latest girlfriend laura a lawyer has just broken up with him . he believed that laura would be the one who would last partly as an expectation of where he would be at this stage in his life . rob admits that there have been a few incidents in their relationship which in an of themselves could be grounds for her to want to break -up. to his satisfaction laura is not on this top five list . rob feels a need not only to review the five relationships which go back as far a middle school when he was twelve and try to come to terms with why the woman or girl as the case may be left him but also in the words of charlie nicholson number four on the list "what it all means " for why he has ended up where he is which is no where personally or professionally close to what he envisioned . he also has to come to terms with what it means that laura has moved on to ian raymond a man for who neither had any respect when they were together .
the story is about two swindlers who get their hands on a map to the fabled city of gold el dorado while pulling off some sort of scam . their plan goes bad and the rogues end up lost at sea after a number of misfortunes . oddly enough they end up on the shores of el dorado and are worshiped by the natives for their foreign appearance .
yorick seen just as a skull in hamlet finally gets his 'one-man-show' only to be interrupted by other ghosts from shakespearean plays .
hired gunman cole thornton turns down a job with bart jason as it would mean having to fight an old sheriff friend . some months later he finds out the lawman is on the bottle and a top gunfighter is heading his way to help jason . along with young mississippi handy with a knife and now armed with a diabolical shotgun cole returns to help .
peter pan (williams) has grown up to be a cut -throat merger and acquisitions lawyer and is married to wendy 's granddaughter . captain hook (hoffman) kidnaps his children and peter returns to never land with tinkerbell (roberts). with the help of her and the lost boys he must remember how to be peter pan again in order to save his children by battling with captain hook once again .
in in china a british anthropologist discovers a frozen prehistoric creature and must transport it to europe by train .
a free -spirited young woman (deborah foreman ) upsets the status quo at a stuffy brentwood limousine service .
the son of the sheik and a dancing girl fall in love but when he is made to believe she has betrayed him he seeks revenge .
following the murder of her father by hired hand tom chaney -year-old farm girl mattie ross sets out to capture the killer . to aid her she hires the toughest u .s. marshal she can find a man with "true grit " reuben j . "rooster" cogburn . mattie insists on accompanying cogburn whose drinking sloth and generally reprobate character do not augment her faith in him . against his wishes she joins him in his trek into the indian nations in search of chaney . they are joined by texas ranger laboeuf who wants chaney for his own purposes . the unlikely trio find danger and surprises on the journey and each has his or her "grit" tested .
bizarre and surreal road movie about a biker and his unlikely sidekick . on a quest to fulfill a friend 's last wish joe takes to the desert road on his harley -davidson and meets a succession of odd characters including sam . sam begins following joe on a quest of his own which necessitates staying in motel 's wherever they go . themes such as friendship faith and isolation are brought into sharp relief by strange situations the lonely road and the stark emptiness of the desert . there are also several humorous cameos .
renowned russian piano teacher irina sousatzka gets a new student - bengali piano prodigy manek . they are both immigrants in the uk and bond quickly . when manek 's single mother 's business fails he must make a career decision .
nora is a single mother who lives with her son michael in a small house . they don 't have much money but at least they have each other . out of the blue comes nora 's father max dugan who left her and her mother when nora was nine years old . he brings a suitcase with dollar bills and showers her and michael with gifts trying to make up for lost time knowing that he has a fatal heart ailment . the money comes from his shady career in las vegas and nora is dating a police who is very interested in meeting him ...
billy hayes an american college student is caught smuggling drugs out of turkey and thrown into prison .
best -selling novelist paul sheldon is on his way home from his colorado hideaway after completing his latest book when he crashes his car in a freak blizzard . paul is critically injured but is rescued by former nurse annie wilkes paul 's "number one fan " who takes paul back to her remote house in the mountains (without bothering to tell anybody ). unfortunately for paul annie is also a headcase . when she discovers that paul has killed off the heroine in her favorite novels her reaction leaves paul shattered (literally)...
buddy young was the comic 's comic beloved by everyone . now playing to miniscule crowds in nursing homes it seems like everybody but buddy realizes that he should retire . as buddy looks for work in show business he realizes that the rest of the world has forgotten the golden days of buddy young and that there just may not be room in the business for an old comic like himself .
emma is a divorced woman with a teen -aged son who moves into a small town and tries to make a go of a horse ranch . murphy is the widowed town druggist who steers business her way . things are going along predictably until her ex -husband shows up needing a place to stay . the three of them form an intricate circle with emma 's son liking murphy but desperately wanting his father back .
life is going well for bob jones : great job beautiful loving wife and a baby on the way . then he finds out that he has kidney cancer that will leave him dead within months . he sets out to videotape his life 's acquired wisdom for his child and ends up on a voyage of self -discovery and reconciliation .
dr . gibarian part of a team at a space station studying solaris makes an urgent and self -described bizarre video request to his friend civilian psychiatrist dr . chris kelvin to come to the station to deal with an unspecified phenomenon aboard that phenomenon with which chris ' experience and background may be able to explain and solve . chris learns that his trip is sanctioned by the space program as a security force had been sent to the station to investigate that security team which is now missing . when chris arrives at the station he finds only two surviving team members drs . gordon and snow (dr. gibarian committed suicide ) who are both acting nervously . chris also finds two unexpected people there the first who chris only sees fleetingly being dr . gibarian 's adolescent son michael and the second being chris ' deceased wife rheya . chris and rheya had a passionate relationship in all its good and bad before she committed suicide . apparently these appearances of loved ones of the crew at the station are what chris has come to investigate . as chris gordon and snow discuss and argue about what to do chris becomes emotionally invested in this vision of his wife who herself begins to realize she looks like rheya acts like rheya (including having the same feelings for chris ) answers to the name rheya but is not really the rheya that was once chris ' wife .
in the terrorist violence is the stuff of networks ' nightly news programming and the corporate structure of the ubs television network is changing . meanwhile howard beale the aging ubs news anchor has lost his once strong ratings share and so the network fires him . beale reacts in an unexpected way . we then see how this affects the fortunes of beale his coworkers (max schumacher and diana christensen ) and the network .
tom farrell is a navy officer who gets posted at the pentagon and is to report to the secretary of defense david brice . he starts an affair with susan atwell not knowing that she is brice 's mistress . when susan is found dead tom is assigned to the case of finding the killer who is believed to be a kgb mole ! tom could soon become a suspect when a polaroid negative of him was found at susan 's place . he now has only a few hours to find the killer before the computer regenerates the photo .
a semi -fictional account of life as a professional football (american-style) player . loosely based on the dallas cowboys team of the early .
the titular 'odd couple ' are sammo (king of sabres ) and lau kar wing (king of spears ). they compete regularly against each other but every encounter results in a draw ! both decide to ...
josey wales makes his way west after the civil war determined to live a useful and helpful life . he joins up with a group of settlers who need the protection that a man as tough and experienced as he is can provide . unfortunately the past has a way of catching up with you and josey is a wanted man .
chris o 'brien devoted catholic and rookie cop with lapd is assigned to partner with the hard -edged street -smart nora hugosian . a serial killer is loose and all the victims are low -life guys whom nora has dealt with . so when the tire tracks of a police car are found at a murder scene she 's the prime suspect of internal affairs investigator simon hertzel . chris and nora start an affair but meanwhile he has suspicions about her . should he start his own investigation which would be an act of betrayal or trust her as his partner and his lover ? when a witness i .d.'s nora 's former partner michael clemence as the killer nora gives mike an alibi and things get complicated .
a rare atmospheric phenomenon allows a new york city firefighter to communicate with his son years in the future via ham radio . the son uses this opportunity to warn the father of his impending death in a warehouse fire and manages to save his life . however what he does not realize is that changing history has triggered a new set of tragic events including the murder of his mother . the two men must now work together years apart to find the murderer before he strikes so that they can change history --again.
two dimwit sewage workers watch their hero wcw wrestler jimmy king get screwed out of the world title by wrestler diamond dallas page and evil wcw owner titus sinclair . they embark on a quest to help their hero win his title - and honor - back . features cameos by lots of wcw wrestlers .
a man who falls in love with the woman who received his wife 's heart must decide which woman it is who holds his heart .
hayes hodges finds his career aspirations dashed when he 's wounded in vietnam combat . he then returns to america and becomes a disillusioned lawyer who goes up against the service to defend colonel terry childers who is accused of inciting an incident that leaves many demonstrators dead . hodges in no position to decline : childers heroically saved his life back in vietnam .
pamela drury is unhappy and alone . on her birthday she stumbles across a photo of robert dickson and wonders what would 've happened had she said yes to his proposal . a freak accident ...
forty -three year old elle magazine editor jean -dominique bauby - jean -do to his friends - awakens not knowing where he is . he is in a berck -sur-mer hospital where he has been for the past several weeks in a coma after suffering a massive stroke . although his cognitive facilities are in tact he quickly learns that he has what is called locked -in syndrome which has resulted in him being almost completely paralyzed including not being able to speak . one of his few functioning muscles is his left eye . his physical situation and hospitalization uncomfortably bring together the many people in his life including : cline desmoulins his ex -lover and mother of his children ; ins his current lover ; and his aged father who he calls papinou . among his compassionate recuperative team are his physical therapist marie and his speech therapist henriette . henriette eventually teaches him to communicate using a system where he spells out words : she reads out the letters of the alphabet in descending order of their use in the french language and he blinks his functioning left eye when she reaches the appropriate letter . although frustrating at start he learns to communicate effectively but slowly using this method so much so that with the help of claude a full time translator he decides on the monumental and seemingly impossible task to keep to his pre -injury commitment of writing a book changing its focus to life in his current state .
mike max is a hollywood producer who became powerful and rich thanks to brutal and bloody action films . his ignored wife paige is close to leaving him . suddenly mike is kidnapped by two bandits but escapes and hides out with his mexican gardener 's family for a while . at the same time surveillance expert ray bering is looking for what happens in the city but it is not clear what he wants . the police investigation for max 's disappearance is led by detective doc block who falls in love with actress cat who is playing in ongoing max 's production .
mallory and miller are back . it seems that there was traitor with them at navarone whom they thought was executed . but it seems that not only was he not executed and he was not a traitor but a german spy . intelligence believes he made it to yugoslavia and is now with the partisans . so mallory and miller being the only ones who can positively identify him are sent along with a unit called force which is led by colonel barnsby who objects to their presence . it seems that force has a mission of their own which mallory and miller know nothing about . when their plane is shot and most of the team is killed they mistakenly believe that some of the locals they meet are partisans but in reality are german allies so they are taken prisoner and have to convince the german commander that they are not spies or else they will be killed .
frankie on naval -reserve duty in tahiti doesn 't trust dee dee to stay faithful so he hires bwana a witch doctor to help . bwana conjures up a floating bikini "stuffs" it with cassandra and sends her to distract advertising executive ricky from dee dee .
three stories are connected by a memphis hotel and the spirit of elvis presley .
the story of two italian immigrant radicals who were executed in offers insights into present -day issues of civil liberties and the rights of immigrants .
arthur is a rich alcoholic playboy with no regards to his working life . after another drunken run -in with the law his aloof mother has had enough and forces him to marry susan a proper business woman or else he will lose his inheritance . just as he 's engaged to susan he meets naomi a free -spirited girl who arthur thinks is perfect for him . any attempts at holding down a job are fruitless so arthur has to decide what is more important : love or his mother 's money .
rick gassko is about to marry debbie thompson . her parents hate him . her old boyfriend hates him . they all have money and he gets a cut of the crap games on the catholic school bus that he drives . his friends decide to give him the bachelor party of all bachelor parties in an expensive hotel with booze adult movies and hookers . as the players catch wind of the elements of the party each adds a little monkey wrench so that one set of hookers ends up giving demos at the bride 's shower the brides friends end up dressed as hookers in a room with a number of non english speaking japanese businessmen and so on as things get out of hand .
the buckmans are a midwestern family all dealing with their lives : estranged relatives raising children pressures of the job and learning to be a good parent and spouse .
a team of special force ops led by a tough but fair soldier major "dutch" schaefer are ordered in to assist cia man george dillon on a rescue mission for potential survivors of a helicopter downed over remote south american jungle . not long after they land dutch and his team discover that they have been sent in under false pretenses . this deception turns out to be the least of their worries though when they find themselves being methodically hunted by something not of this world .
the wingo family is from south carolina they growing up in a house on a tidal plain . the oldest offspring lucas largely acted as the protector for his younger twins siblings tom and savannah in light of their dysfunctional growing up with their shrimper father henry distant and abusive if /when he did pay them any attention and their mother lila while not doting on them most concerned about appearances and striving for social standing . now in middle age savannah is a new york based poet tom still living on the south carolina coast outside of charleston with his wife sally and their own three doting daughters taking a break from his high school teaching /football coaching job while lucas has long since died while still standing up for himself and his beliefs . lila divorced and now remarried with that wealth and social standing she so long desired receives news that savannah is in the hospital following her most recent suicide attempt . not wanting to face the blame directly as she suspects she assigns tom to go to new york to speak to savannah 's therapist susan loewenstein to provide any information of a family history nature that could help in savannah 's recovery . tom agrees despite hating new york and it being not a good time since he and sally are experiencing marital problems they both just knowing that things between them are not working and not having been intimate in months . as tom and loewenstein (as he calls her ) begin their sessions tom is slow to divulge the wingo family problems to her . but he learns that she too is having her own family problems with her concert violinist husband herbert woodruff being self absorbed and condescending with their young adult son bernard hating both largely because of they predestining his life also as a concert violinist . tom and loewenstein 's sessions blossom into a friendship and romance where their talks in addition to helping savannah may help them both in dealing with their own life problems tom 's which have been long buried figuratively and literally .
anna a french actress is approached by financial broker gordon in the vermeer room of a new york gallery . however romance does not ensue ...
a big -city newspaper columnist is forced to enter a drug and alcohol rehab center after ruining her sister 's wedding and crashing a stolen limousine .
a wealthy new york investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co -workers and friends as he delves deeper into his violent hedonistic fantasies .
jake and brian are friends . they are jewish and catholic respectively . they would grow up and become a rabbi and priest . anna whom they knew when they were younger comes back to town a stunning woman . jake is up to be the head of his synagogue but he is not married which doesn 't make his appointment any easier . jake finds himself attracted to anna but because she 's not jewish he can 't marry her as it would make his appointment less likely . brian also finds himself attracted to anna but the priesthood doesn 't allow that . their friendship is strained when each learns of the other 's feelings for her .
carol ann mackay is a fine popular nurse at a retirement home and spends her free time with her hunky athletic husband wayne mackay who was the star of her school 's football team when ...
in salford fish -and-chip shop owner george khan expects his family to follow his strict pakistani muslim ways . but his children with an english mother and having been born and brought up in britain increasingly see themselves as british and start to reject their father 's rules on dress food religion and living in general .
a film about the career of the notorious punk rock band the sex pistols .
a psychological romantic thriller where fantasy and reality become indistinguishable for a woman leading a double life in her dreams .
early twenty -something baltimoreans eddie shrevie boogie billy fenwick and modell have been friends since they were kids where the center of their lives has been and still is the fells point diner . it 's the last week of . baltimore colts fanatic eddie is scheduled to get married to elyse on new year 's eve but may call off the wedding if elyse doesn 't pass his colts quiz which he will hold two days before the scheduled wedding . inexperienced eddie turns to the only other married one among the bunch electronics salesman and music aficionado shrevie for advice he who may not be the best person from who to ask advice on marriage since he doesn 't yet realize that he probably got married to his wife beth for the wrong reasons . indeed beth who has lost her sense of identity is unhappy in their marriage and contemplates having an affair with someone who provides what she believes is a sympathetic shoulder . hairdresser and law school student boogie is the player of the bunch he who has some major financial problems because of his quest for the fast buck . generally straight laced billy eddie 's best man who has been away getting his mba has come back to baltimore a few days early to clarify his relationship with his girlfriend barb . smart -aleck fen is a college drop out who lives off his trust fund . he doesn 't much like his family but likes what their money can afford him . and insecure modell is afraid to ask for anything directly . as approaches they collectively deal with how to be truly adults .
shakes plods about his duties as party clown and uses all of his free time getting seriously drunk . binky another clown wins the spot on a local kiddie show which depresses shakes even more and his boss threatens him with unemployment if he can 't get his act under control . when someone murders shakes ' boss and makes it look like shakes did it he goes undercover posing as a hated mime and tries to find information that will clear his name .
cambridge university student brian roberts arrives in berlin in to complete his german studies . without much money he plans on making a living teaching english while living in an inexpensive rooming house where he befriends another of the tenants american sally bowles . she is outwardly a flamboyant perpetually happy person who works as a singer at the decadent kit kat klub a cabaret styled venue . sally 's outward faade is matched by that of the klub overseen by the omnipresent master of ceremonies . sally draws brian into her world and initially wants him to be one of her many lovers until she learns that he is a homosexual albeit a celibate one . among their other friends are his students the poor fritz wendel who wants to be a gigolo to live a comfortable life and the straight -laced and beautiful natalia landauer a jewish heiress . fritz initially sees natalia as his money ticket but eventually falls for her . however natalia is suspect of his motives and cannot overcome their religious differences . also into sally and brian 's life comes the wealthy baron maximilian von heune who has the same outlook on life as sally but who has the money to support it . max is willing to lavish his new friends with gifts and his favors . around them all is the nazi uprising to which they seem to pay little attention or care . but they ultimately learn that life in all its good and particularly bad continues to happen to them and around them .
a former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying hollywood mansion .
this film is the story of the spectacular life and violent death of british playwright joe orton . in his teens orton is befriended by the older more reserved kenneth halliwell and while ...
mame is an unconventional individualist socialite from the roaring 's. when her brother dies she is forced to raise her nephew patrick . however patrick 's father has designated an executor to his will to protect the boy from absorbing too much of mame 's rather unconventional perspective . patrick and mame become devoted to each other in spite of this restriction and together journey through patrick 's childhood and the great depression amidst some rather zaney adventures .
in new york a gambler is challenged to take a cold female missionary to havana but they fall for each other and the bet has a hidden motive to finance a crap game .
a love triangle develops between a beautiful yet dangerous vampire her cellist companion and a gerontologist .
comical goings on at an exclusive golf club . all the members are wealthy and eccentric and all the staff are poor and slightly less eccentric . the main character is 'danny'; he 's a caddy who will do almost anything to raise money to go to college . there are many subplots including the assistant green keeper 's pursuit of a cute (obviously stuffed ) gopher .
three college students base their class project around gossip and how fast it spreads which soon spirals out of control .
a german submarine is boarded by disguised american submariners trying to capture their enigma cipher machine .
a group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict religious parents in suburban detroit in the mid
a big -city cop from l .a. moves to a small -town police force and immediately finds himself investigating a murder . using theories rejected by his colleagues the cop john berlin meets a young blind woman named helena who he is attracted to . meanwhile a serial killer is on the loose and only john knows it .
a fading comedian and a suicidally despondent ballet dancer must look to each other to find meaning and hope in their lives .
a married woman and her lover murder her husband and dump his body into a well . after a while his ghost comes to haunt them while the local gossip grows stronger .
esa nissi 's documentary film about the symbiosis of man and the crow . a story about a peasant crow that tries to adapt to modern citylife . winter is coming amd the nature of the countryside fails to provide enough nutrition to the crow . fosterling of the countryside has to change it 's lifestyle radically migration to overwinter lies ahead . luckily unlike it 's forefathers the crow doesn 't have to go through the moving flight to middle europe the nearest city provides the means to winter . could the swollen urbanized man help ? "crow" tells how the city community created by man embraces a migrant one autumn day .
the flintstones are at it again . the flintstones and the rubbles head for rock vegas with fred hoping to court the lovely wilma . nothing will stand in the way of love except for the conniving chip rockefeller who is the playboy born in baysville but who has made it in the cutthroat town of rock vegas . will fred win wilma 's love ?
novalee nation is a pregnant -year-old from tennessee heading to california with her boyfriend willie jack but is abandoned by him at a wal -mart store in sequoyah oklahoma . novalee has no job no skills and only in her pocket so she secretly lives in the wal -mart until her daughter americus is born six weeks later . novalee decides to raise her daughter and rebuild her life in sequoyah with the help of eccentric but kind strangers . based on the best -selling novel by billie letts .
rio lawyer pedro paulo is recently separated from his travel agent wife tania . his office has taken on an energetic new intern sharon . pedro paulo is working on a divorce case - his own father 's... mary ann is an english language teacher living in rio . her friend nadine has been having an internet romance with gary a soho artist . nadine decides to visit gary in new york ; she books her flight through tania ... soccer star acacio is going to play for a team in england . he has been taking private lessons with mary ann . is he reading too much into the word "private"? pedro paulo catches a glimpse of mary ann and decides he should study english again ... acacio needs some legal help with his new contract . he goes to pedro paulo 's office but the only one in is sharon ...
dong -hyun seok -gu sang -min and young -je are typical adolescent high school boys deeply curious about sexual matters ...
a brilliant geneticist diane ladd plans to expose a lethal virus to every human being on the planet . her objective : to destroy humankind in favour of her new strain of prehistoric dinosaurs . two people stand in the way of her diabolical plan a cynical night watchman and a lovely idealistic environmentalist . the two must overcome their differences long enough to uncover the scientist 's scheme and fight her carnivorous creations in a desperate battle against the extinction of the human race .
a team of scientists go to a nuclear mining facility to investigate a possible meltdown and instead find a large amount of cloned dinosaurs .
international terrorists get a surprise when their cargo turns out to contain living dinosaurs . the army commando team now have to think fast if they want to prevent the extinction of the human species instead of the reptiles .
eight astronauts living aboard an international spacecraft on a mission through the solar system as the world watches from billions of kilometers away .
in the film ray (skarsgrd) claire (riseborough) and their seven -year-old daughter zoe are an average american family in kingsville north carolina - except they have existed in a bomb shelter since escaping a day of devastation that changed everything . for days they have transformed their cement prison into a home holding on to memories of the past and hope for a normal life someday . and for days the family has eluded what looms above the surface - the heavy breathing and booming footsteps that punctuate the night threatening their fragile existence . all the while the family has managed to stay hidden . until now . now their safe haven has been breached ... and something is coming for them .
april has just graduated from an exclusive southern college . she 's just returned home to her family mansion to prepare for her semi -arranged marriage to "the right man " a man approved by april 's father a senator . during a trip to the local fair april meets perry the kind of man she always wanted but never knew . her parents are aghast as perry is exactly the kind of man they don 't want her associating with . april must reconcile the expectations of her family and her fiance with the passion she feels for perry .
maximus is a powerful roman general loved by the people and the aging emperor marcus aurelius . before his death the emperor chooses maximus to be his heir over his own son commodus and a power struggle leaves maximus and his family condemned to death . the powerful general is unable to save his family and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the gladiator games until he dies . the only desire that fuels him now is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge .
kuki a divorced italian socialite changes her life after a serious car crash . she accepts a marriage proposal from paolo gallmann a man she doesn 't know well and she moves to kenya with ...
superficial people are revealed and drastically changed by circumstance or luck in this a tale of death seduction blackmail and theft among british and americans in florence in the turbulent days just before world war ii .
the cardiff club scene in the 's: five best friends deal with their relationships and their personal demons during a weekend . jip calls himself a sexual paranoid afraid he 's impotent . lulu jip 's mate doesn 't find much to fancy in men . nina hates her job at a fast food joint and her man koop who dreams of being a great hip -hop d .j. is prone to fits of un -provoked jealousy . the fifth is moff whose family is down on his behavior . starting friday afternoon with preparations for clubbing we follow the five from ecstacy -induced fun through a booze -laden come -down early saturday morning followed by the weekend 's aftermath . it 's breakthrough time for at least three of them .
michel poiccard an irresponsible sociopath and small -time thief steals a car and impulsively murders the motorcycle policeman who pursues him . now wanted by the authorities he renews his relationship with patricia franchini a hip american girl studying journalism at the sorbonne whom he had met in nice a few weeks earlier . before leaving paris he plans to collect a debt from an underworld acquaintance and expects her to accompany him on his planned getaway to italy . even with his face in the local papers and media poiccard seems oblivious to the dragnet that is slowly closing around him as he recklessly pursues his love of american movies and libidinous interest in the beautiful american .
academy award winner ron howard returns to direct the latest bestseller in dan brown 's (da vinci code ) billion -dollar robert langdon series inferno which finds the famous symbologist (again played by tom hanks ) on a trail of clues tied to the great dante himself . when langdon wakes up in an italian hospital with amnesia he teams up with sienna brooks (felicity jones ) a doctor he hopes will help him recover his memories . together they race across europe and against the clock to stop a madman from unleashing a global virus that would wipe out half of the world 's population .
'it's monopoly out there '. jason staebler the king of marvin gardens has gone directly to jail lives on the boardwalk and fronts for the local mob in atlantic city . he is also a dreamer ...
a group of kids in brooklyn form a gang . from this moment on they do everything together . this makes things easier but at the same time they have to face new problems .
after he 's laid off a husband switches roles with his wife . she returns to the workforce and he becomes a stay -at-home dad - a job he has no clue how to do .
in the year humanity is no match for the psychlos a greedy manipulative race on a quest for ultimate profit . led by the seductive and powerful terl the psychlos are stripping earth of its resources using the broken remnants of humanity as slaves . what is left of the human race has reverted to a primitive state believing the invaders to be demons and technology to be evil . after humanity has all but given up any hope of freeing themselves from alien oppression a young man named tyler decides to leave his desolate home high in the rocky mountains to discover the truth whereupon he is captured and enslaved . it is then that he decides to fight back leading his fellow man in one final struggle for freedom .
the education of three young students jodie eva and maureen as they study at the american ballet academy . life isn 't what they expected at the esteemed aba and all three face problems along the road . jodie doesn 't have the "ideal" body for dancing eva doesn 't have the right attitude and maureen doesn 't have the heart . along the way they learn that love can be found in unlikely places and dancing should be a passion not a duty .
a chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss 's dog to hold it for ransom but when she accidentally gets the dog back she thinks that it 's the chauffeur who 's been kidnapped .
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
two sailors one naive the other experienced in the ways of the world on liberty in los angeles is the setting for this movie musical .
chad gates has just gotten out of the army and is happy to be back in hawaii with his surf -board his beach buddies and his girlfriend . his father wants him to go to work at the great southern hawaiian fruit company but chad is reluctant . so chad goes to work as a tour guide at his girlfriend 's agency .
tulsa is a specialist in the us army stationed in germany . he loves to sing and has dreams to run his own nightclub when he leaves the army ....but dreams don 't come cheap . tulsa places a bet with his friend dynamite that he can spend the night with a club dancer named lili who is rumored to be hard to get . when dynamite gets transferred tulsa is brought in to take his place . he is not looking forward to it but in order to keep his money he must go through with it .
based on the broadway hit about the life and times of burlesque dancer gypsy rose lee and her aggressive stage mother mama rose .
having flunked graduation for a second time and needing cash to support his crabby (and thus unemployed ) father danny fisher takes a job as a singer in the king creole nightclub - about ...
three sailors on a day of shore leave in new york city look for fun and romance before their twenty -four hours are up .
when eccentric man -child pee -wee herman gets his beloved bike stolen in broad daylight he sets out across the u .s. on the adventure of his life .
in this film made over ten years filmmaker barbara sonneborn goes on a pilgrimage to the vietnamese countryside where her husband was killed . she and translator (and fellow war widow ) xuan ngoc nguyen explore the meaning of war and loss on a human level . the film weaves interviews with vietnamese and american widows into a vivid testament to the legacy of war .
live -action segments show members of the disney staff touring south america and recording their impressions in sketches . these segue into four animated sections : "lake titicaca " depicts tourist donald duck 's troubles with a stubborn llama ; "pedro" tells of a little mail plane 's adventures flying over the treacherous andes ; "el gaucho goofy " transplants an american cowboy into the argentine pampas ; and in "aquarela do brasil " jose carioca shows donald the sights and sounds of rio de janiero .
in the tiny kingdom of euphrania the king and his court are most anxious to get prince edward wed . but edward wants to marry for love . meanwhile young cinderella finds life drastically altered with her father 's death as she 's forced to be a servant in her own house . but a cheery fairy godmother helps her with her impossible tasks and even gets her to take an evening out at the king 's bride -finding ball . but when the magic wears off and the prince with shoe -in-hand searches for cinderella and finds her what is going to happen to euphrania without the needed marriage alliance to prevent war ?
gino an italian -american shoe -shiner with a remarkable similarity to a certain mafia don is paid to take the rap for a murder . jerry a two -bit gangster on probation is given a chance for redemption by guarding gino for the weekend . but instead of sitting around a dingy hotel room jerry decides to give gino a weekend to remember taking him to lake tahoe . jerry 's bragging to his friends of his important charge as well as gino 's dignified quiet demeanor soon result in much complication for them both .
on her deathbed a mother makes her son promise never to get married which scars him with psychological blocks to a commitment with his girlfriend . they finally decide to tie the knot in vegas but a wealthy gambler arranges for the man to lose k in a poker game and offers to clear the debt for a weekend with his fiance . suddenly the man is insanely jealous and pursues his fiance and her rich companion but finds pitfalls in his path as the gambler tries to delay his interference .
during an attack on a pack of iguanodon an egg is separated and ends up with the possession of a group of lemurs . the lemurs care for this egg and the young creature born from it which they call aladar . when a meteor shower hits earth aladar and his family must leave their homeland . away from home and as close to danger as they have ever been they meet up with a huge group of dinosaurs led by kron and bruton . all together they are trying to reach the nesting grounds but it 's not going to be easy .
is there room in manhattan for a decent kid ? can a young woman see past a cad to true love ? paul from rural upstate comes to new york city for college . to keep his scholarship he must study hard and do well . that makes him a loser to his partying roommates who connive to kick him out of their suite . he 's assigned a room in an animal hospital . in class he meets dora a pretty coed who needs a job to pay for school and who 's the very young lover of their sarcastic and selfish lit professor . when dora is slipped some drugs at a party paul nurses her back to health and a friendship follows . for paul though it 's more than friendly feelings . can they work things out for them to become a truly lucky couple ?
four friends embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend .
a loser of a crook and his wife strike it rich when a botched bank job 's cover business becomes a spectacular success .
an ambitious debut for writer /director bart freundlich charting the unrest with a family who gather together for thanks giving .
during a secretive business trip away mark learns that his wife anna is growing restless in what he believed was their happy marriage . upon his return home he learns from her that she wants a divorce . they both go through a series of different emotions related to their situation mark 's which is generally obsessive about learning why anna who he still loves wants the divorce and anna 's which is generally increasingly histrionic in getting away from mark . caught in the middle is their infant son bob who mark uses as a gage to anna 's mental state . anna states that her want for the divorce is not because of another man but mark finds out that anna has a lover named heinrich . in the meantime mark also meets bob 's teacher helen who looks exactly like anna but is her polar opposite in temperament . starting a relationship with helen lessens his obsession with anna . but as mark and anna 's encounters together reach more emotional and violent levels mark with help of a private investigative firm learns that anna 's love life is not all that it appears . anna 's true obsession has a somewhat gruesome process and nothing will stop her from reaching her end goal .
a former aristocrat ippolit vorobyaninov leads a miserable life in soviet russia . his mother -in-law reveals a secret to him - she hid family diamonds in one of the twelve chairs they once had . vorobyaninov in cooperation with a young con artist ostap bender start a long search for the diamonds .
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
a chinese man who travels to the wild west to rescue a kidnapped princess . after teaming up with a train robber the unlikely duo takes on a chinese traitor and his corrupt boss .
following the death of a mother a father and son open up a brothel in their genevan estate after watching
after a traumatic accident a woman becomes drawn to a mysterious abandoned carnival .
capt . jim gordon 's command of the famed american mercenary fighter group in china is complicated by the recruitment of an old friend who is a reckless hotshot .
monsieur verdoux is a bluebeard he marries women and kills them after the marriage to get the money he needs for his family . but with two ladies he has bad luck .
george lazenby steps into the role of james bond and is sent on his first mission . for help with draco he must become very close friends with his daughter tracy and heads off to hunt down ernst stavro blofeld one more time . this takes him to switzerland where he must pose as sir hilary bray to find out the secret plan of blofeld . the facility is covered with blofeld 's guards as well as his hench -woman irma bunt . what has blofeld got in mind this time ? can bond keep up this act for much longer ? are any bond girls safe ?
an unpopular u .s. president manages to get a nuclear disarmament treaty through the senate but finds that the nation is turning against him . jiggs casey a marine colonel finds evidence that general scott the wildly popular head of the joint chiefs and certain presidential candidate in years is not planning to wait . casey goes to the president with the information and a web of intrigue begins with each side unsure of who can be trusted .
james bond is back again and his new mission is to find out how a royal navy polaris submarine holding sixteen nuclear warheads simply disappears whilst on patrol . bond joins major anya amasova and takes on a a web -handed mastermind known as karl stromberg as well as his henchman jaws who has a mouthful of metal teeth . bond must track down the location of the missing submarine before the warheads are fired .
in winter in the south of france a young woman is found frozen in a ditch . she 's unkempt a vagabond . through flashbacks and brief interviews we trace her final weeks as she camps alone or falls in with various men and women many of whom project their needs onto her or try to give her life direction . she squats in an old house smoking hash with a man falls for a tunisian laborer and works beside him pruning grape vines stays with a couple shepherding goats meets an agronomist trying to save plane trees gets tipsy with an old woman and has an offer to appear in porn films .
james bond investigates the mid -air theft of a space shuttle and discovers a plot to commit global genocide .
scaramanga is a hit -man who charges a million dollars per job . he becomes linked to the death of a scientist working on a powerful solar cell and james bond is called in to investigate . as he tracks down scaramanga he realises that he is highly respected by the killer but will this prove to be an advantage in the final showdown ?
due to a revolution in his country king shahdov comes to new york - almost broke . to get some money he goes to tv making commercials and meets the child from communist parents . due to this he is suddenly a suspected as a communist himself and has to face one of mccarthy 's hearings .
construction workers in world war ii in the pacific are needed to build military sites but the work is dangerous and they doubt the ability of the navy to protect them . after a series of attacks by the japanese something new is tried construction battalions (cbs=seabees). the new cbs have to both build and be ready to fight .
in order to protect a beautiful woman and her son from a robber a male fbi agent disguises himself as a large grandmother .
a los angeles male escort who mostly caters to an older female clientle is accused of a murder which he did not commit .
two powerful german guns control the seas past the greek island of navarone making the evacuation of endangered british troops on a neighboring island impossible . air attack is useless so a team of six allied and greek soldiers is put ashore to meet up with partisans to try and dynamite the guns . the mission is perilous enough anyway but are the germans on the island getting further help too ?.
this stylish brian de palma thriller plays off the theme of the unsuspecting witness who discovers a crime and is thereby put in grave danger but with a novel twist . jack terry is a master sound recordist who works on grade -b horror movies . late one evening he is recording sounds for use in his movies when he hears something unexpected through his sound equipment and records it . curiosity gets the better of him when the media become involved and he begins to unravel the pieces of a nefarious conspiracy . as he struggles to survive against his shadowy enemies and expose the truth he does not know whom he can trust .
a serial killer in london is murdering young women whom he meets through the personal columns of newspapers ; he announces each of his murders to the police by sending them a cryptic poem . ...
albert lewin 's interpretation of the legend of the flying dutchman . in a little spanish seaport named esperanza during the appears hendrick van der zee the mysterious captain of a yacht (he is the only one aboard ). pandora is a beautiful woman (who men kill and die for ). she 's never really fallen in love with any man but she feels very attracted to hendrick ... we are soon taught that hendrick is the flying dutchman this sailor of the century that has been cursed by god to wander over the seas until the doomsday ... unless a woman is ready to die for him ...
when a skull is found during building works at knightsbridge london the work is halted in order that a full archaeological dig can proceed . the diggers delve deeper finding more skulls but also finding some form of tube -like shell made of a ceramic like material . the ministry of defence believe it to be an un -exploded bomb but when they manage to dig inside the shell dead insect -like creatures are found . the mod continue with their story but professor quatermass 's theory that the insects are martians who visited earth over five million years ago is proved to be correct with drastic consequences .
enigma a federal agent sets up a meeting with cronies of a crime boss by the name of scarface . with him enigma carries a case seemingly important to the boss . he claims to want to make a deal for the one and only batman .
the puppets return and hunt paranormal researchers in an attempt to take their brain fluid for their master andre toulon .
a puppeteer 's ability to bring inanimate objects to life attracts the attention of the nazis during world war ii .
a young scientist working on an artificial intelligence project is the target of strange gremlin -like creatures who are out to kill him and thus terminate his research . by coincidence in one of the rooms he uses there 's a mysterious case containing the puppets of the "puppet master ". when the puppets are brought to life they help destroy the creatures .
the puppets battle their most powerful enemy yet as they protect their new master from the demon god that created the secret of life .
a scientist attempts to master the art of transferring people 's souls into puppets .
shakespeare 's classic tale of romance and tragedy . two families of verona the montagues and the capulets have been feuding with each other for years . young romeo montague goes out with his friends to make trouble at a party the capulets are hosting but while there he spies the capulet 's daughter juliet and falls hopelessly in love with her . she returns his affections but they both know that their families will never allow them to follow their hearts .
the knables are having marriage problems : roy is a lousy plumbing supplies salesman by day and couch potato by night and his wife helen is a successful senior product manager for a vitamin company . roy watches too much tv every night and helen just cannot stand it . then one night helen offers roy a night to save their relationship : a romantic getaway without phones their children and especially no tv . unfortunately when roy 's hooked on the big screen there 's no going back . this frustrates and angers her and helen decides to smash the family console with one of roy 's trophies as a wake -up call to reality . a heartbroken -to-disoriented roy then hears the doorbell and finds out that it 's a mysterious salesman named spike who offers him the "ultimate getaway " from all the hate frustration and failures : a new remote controller and a new state -of-the-art satellite tv . roy accepts the new tv by signing a free trial contract not knowing that he just sold his soul to the devil himself . but later helen is both not impressed and steamed . after a fight outside the "dish" activates . roy and helen try as hard as possible to escape but it was too late for the force of gravity from the dish sucks them into the "cable television world of hell " - all six hundred and sixty -six channels worth . now they must survive through every episode of shows such as the game show "you can 't win " the u .w.w.f. (underworld wrestling federation ) match "northern overexposure " "driving over miss daisy " and a cartoon sequence called "robocat" "autopsies of the rich and famous " "duane's underworld " "htv" and "off with his head " all within hours . if successful they will return back to home but if they fail the devil keeps their souls forever . after they survived one day without harm roy gets sent back home while spike hold helen hostage . now with the help of their children daryl a communication whiz and diane a fashion freak roy must re -enter the underworld of hell vision tv and save his wife while keeping a distance from spike . it is then that roy will learn the hard way that there 's more things in life than only a television . like commitment . (formerly written by christopher howell )
the ultimate western spoof . a town where everyone seems to be named johnson is in the way of the railroad . in order to grab their land hedley lemar (harvey korman ) a politically connected nasty person sends in his henchmen to make the town unlivable . after the sheriff is killed the town demands a new sheriff from the governor (mel brooks ). hedley convinces him to send the town the first black sheriff (cleavon little ) in the west . bart is a sophisticated urbanite who will have some difficulty winning over the townspeople .
the first movie about the famous golden mutt . benji is a stray who has nonetheless worked his way into the hearts of a number of the townspeople who give him food and attention whenever he stops by . his particular favorites are a pair of children who feed and play with him against the wishes of their parents . when the children are kidnapped however the parents and the police are at a loss to find them . only benji can track them down but will he be in time ? if he can save the day he may just find the permanent home he 's been longing for .
benji is left in the wilderness after an accident - can he survive ?
benji sniffs out a bogus cia agent in athens greece .
having left the army following w .w.ii bob wallace and phil davis team up to become a top song -and-dance act . davis plays matchmaker and introduces wallace to a pair of beautiful sisters (betty and judy ) who also have a song -and-dance act . when betty and judy travel to a vermont lodge to perform a christmas show wallace and davis follow only to find their former commander general waverly as the lodge owner . a series of romantic mix -ups ensue as the performers try to help the general .
henry spencer tries to survive his industrial environment his angry girlfriend and the unbearable screams of his newly born mutant child .
without words cameras show us the world with an emphasis not on "where" but on "what's there ." it begins with morning natural landscapes and people at prayer : volcanoes water falls veldts and forests ; several hundred monks do a monkey chant . indigenous peoples apply body paint ; whole villages dance . the film moves to destruction of nature via logging blasting and strip mining . images of poverty rapid urban life and factories give way to war concentration camps and mass graves . ancient ruins come into view and then a sacred river where pilgrims bathe and funeral pyres burn . prayer and nature return . a monk rings a huge bell ; stars wheel across the sky .
frankie machine is a skilled card dealer and one -time heroin addict . when he returns home from jail he struggles to find a new livelihood and to avoid slipping back into addiction .
documentary showcase what life was like for the music artists living during the los angeles heavy metal scene in the mid and late .
documentary showcase what life was like for the music artists living during the los angeles heavy metal scene in the mid and late .
two bounty hunters with the same intentions team up to track down a western outlaw .
san francisco police inspector 'dirty' harry callahan and his new partner early smith have been temporarily reassigned from homicide to stakeout duty . meanwhile those of the city 's criminals who manage to avoid punishment by the courts are nevertheless being killed by unknown assassins . callahan begins to investigate the murders despite the orders of his superior officer lieutenant briggs . a man has to know his limitations ...
yeon -ho lives with his brother in the house their parents left them when they passed away . one day his sister mi -ja who has had a troublesome relationship with her husband leaves her son to yeon -ho and disappears . suddenly left to care for his nephew he desperately looks for mi -ja but fails to find her . things get worse as his brother turns rebellious and moves out of the house .
the lives of two struggling musicians who happen to be brothers inevitably change when they team up with a beautiful up -and-coming singer .
charley partanna is a hit -man who works for the prizzis one of the richest crime syndicate families in the country . unbeknownst to charleythe prizzis just hired irene walker a free -lance killer to eliminate someone who double -crossed them . when irene and charley fall in love their jobs become complicated . their jobs become impossible when each is given a contract that neither can go through with .
medical students begin to explore the realm of near death experiences hoping for insights . each has their heart stopped and is revived . they begin having flashes of walking nightmares from their childhood reflecting sins they committed or had committed against them . the experiences continue to intensify and they begin to be physically beaten by their visions as they try and go deeper into the death experience to find a cure .
four relationships spanning the four corners of the globe are put to the ultimate test when they learn the world may end in eight minutes - the duration of time it takes light to travel from the sun to the earth . each is finally forced to confront the most trying dynamics of their relationship in order to reconcile differences and face earth 's final moments : with love and without fear but most importantly together .
. the sexual hijinks of a group of mid -teen male students of angel beach high school in florida are presented . their main goal is to lose their collective virginity . in the process they embark on games of sexual innuendo with their female classmates as witnessed by the activities of billy tommy and pee wee in their secret surveillance . pee wee is the most desperate that desperation which gets him into one predicament after another especially as he is the butt of many a prank . a side issue for tim basically a good guy is dealing with his learned racism which comes to the surface with the arrival to their school of new student jewish brian schwartz . the sexual pursuits at the school are not limited to the student body as new boys phys ed coach roy brackett has a mutual attraction with cheer -leading coach miss lynn honeywell who doesn 't want to go all the way ; coach brackett 's goal is to find out why coach warren has nicknamed miss honeywell "lassie". all these goings -on offend the sensibilities of female phys ed coach miss beulah balbricker who takes it upon herself to maintain the moral standards of the school . the boys ' mission seems to be stalled so mickey whose brother ted is the local sheriff suggests they go to porky 's a bar and unofficial brothel in neighboring wallacetown in the middle of the everglades to lose their virginity . porky 's is owned by the violent porky whose actions are supported by his sheriff brother . the boys ' experience at porky 's leads to a continuing feud between the boys and porky and his posse the boys ' collective anger fueled by mickey . they will learn that they may not be able to beat porky with their fists but may be able to do so with a little ingenuity which may hurt porky more in the long run .
when the students of angel beach high decide to stage "an evening with shakespeare " their efforts are threatened by miss balbricker who views the works of shakespeare as obscene . she enlists the help of reverend bubba flavel a religious fanatic who brings along his flock of followers to pressure the school into shutting down the production . when they succeed with the help of corrupt city officials seeking re -election the gang don 't get mad ... they get even !
as graduation nears for the class of at angel beach high the gang once again faces off against their old enemy porky who wants them to throw the school 's championship basketball game because he 's betting on the opposing team .
christine (phoebe cates ) a student at an exclusive all -girls private school is in love with jim who attends an academy for boys nearby . christine 's arch rival jordan also has her eye on jim and she is willing to do whatever she can to steal him away . jim 's uber -slob buddy bubba is going with betsy christine 's cynical friend though he would probably be unfaithful if any other woman were willing to get near him . bubba and his pals sneak into the girls ' school dressed in drag in hopes of reaching the promised land (better known as the women 's shower room ) while christine and jim run away together for the weekend though their escapade isn 't as romantic as they had hoped .
when warren and chrissy notice some strange things happening around their high school they begin to suspect that something is going on at the nuclear plant next door . though the plant officials deny that there are any problems crissy gives birth to a bloodthirsty mutant who immediately begins eating everyone in the school . will warren and chrissy be able to stop their killer kid ?
this is the story of melvin the tromaville health club mop boy who inadvertently and naively trusts the hedonistic contemptuous and vain health club members to the point of accidentally ending up in a vat of toxic waste . the devastating results then have a transmogrification effect his alter ego is released and the toxic avenger is born to deadly and comical results . the local mop boy is now the local superhero the saviour of corruption thuggish bullies and indifference . troma classic with good make -up effects and stunts a pleasant surprise indeed .
this is the story of melvin the tromaville health club mop boy who inadvertently and naively trusts the hedonistic contemptuous and vain health club members to the point of accidentally ending up in a vat of toxic waste . the devastating results then have a transmogrification effect his alter ego is released and the toxic avenger is born to deadly and comical results . the local mop boy is now the local superhero the saviour of corruption thuggish bullies and indifference . troma classic with good make -up effects and stunts a pleasant surprise indeed .
picking up immediately after where 'toxic avenger part ' left off after getting apocolypse inc . out of town toxie has nothing to do . he tries to get a job but fails as a normal job is no place for a creature of superhuman size and strength . until on day toxie is told that his blind girlfriend claire has a chance to see again but it costs a lot of money . then toxie gets the opportunity to work as a spokesman for his enemy apocolypse inc . he says "yes" so he can get money for claire . not knowing what he was doing apocolypse inc . takes over tromaville and makes everyone slaves to work for them . after claire 's surgery she opens up toxie 's eyes and he has too battle with the devil himself so there will be a better future and a room for toxic avenger part .
in an alien experiment crashes to earth and infects a fraternity member . they freeze the body but in the modern day two geeks pledging a fraternity accidentally thaw the corpse which proceeds to infect the campus with parasites that transform their hosts into killer zombies .
lapd lieutenant mike harrigan (danny glover ) and his cocky detective partner jerry lambert (bill paxton ) soon realize that what seemed a bloody feud between voodoo high priest king willie 's (calvin lockhart ) jamaican gangs and ramon vega 's (corey rand ) colombian drug gang is actually the work of a scary third party . peter keyes 's (gary busey ) federal team shields the crime scene even for the lapd but after forensics proves it must be an alien who keeps making victims the chase brings them all together .
a variety show in which cast members will go to a south korean landmark and play games there . there are several games to be played within the landmark and at least one of them has to do ...
jenny hayden never did get over the death of her husband . so when an alien life form decides to model "himself" on the husband jenny is understandably confused if not terrified . the alien or starman as he is called has a deadline to meet and kidnaps jenny in order to meet it .
the brother is an alien who has crash -landed on earth in new york city . while mute strongly empathic and able to fix things he resembles a black man with strange feet . his attempt to make a place for himself in harlem is an allegory for the immigrant experience in the united states . meanwhile two bounty hunters from the brother 's home planet arrive and try to capture him .
a few years from now earth will have the first contact with an alien civilisation . these aliens known as newcomers slowly begin to be integrated into human society after years of quarantine but are victims of a new type of discrimination . when the first newcomer police officer sam francisco is assigned his new partner he is given matthew sykes a mildly racist veteran the animosity between them soon gives way to respect as they investigate the newcomer underworld and especially newcomer leader william harcourt .
taking place in a dystopian australia in the near future mad max tells the story of a highway patrolman cruising the squalid back roads that have become the breeding ground of criminals foraging for gasoline and scraps . when his wife and child meet a grisly end at the hands of a motorcycle gang max sets out across the barren wastelands in search of revenge .
bartertown is a city on the edge of a desert that has managed to retain some technology if no civilization . max has his supplies stolen and must seek shelter there in a post apocalyptic world where all machines have begun to break down and barbarians hold what is left . he becomes involved in a power struggle in this third mad max film where he must first survive the town survive the desert and then rescue the innocent children he has discovered .
rick has been given a new identity by the fbi for helping convict a drug dealing fbi agent . fifteen years later his former fiance recognises him . rick 's fbi 'minder' has been replaced by a corrupt agent who helps the drug dealing fbi agent and his accomplice locate him . there are many subsequent chase scenes as rick and girlfriend revisit his former haunts .
harry angel is a private investigator . he is hired by a man who calls himself louis cyphre to track down a singer called johnny favorite . but the investigation takes an unexpected and somber turn .
an investment banker (paul mercurio ) travels to louisiana to snag the account of an eccentric millionaire (malcolm mcdowell ) but gets involved with his lusty wife mardi gras and (possibly) a satanic cult . the events in and around new orleans change him forever and give a new slant on the american dream .
andrew and vicky mcgee met while earning money as guinea pigs for an experiment at college . the experiment was shrouded in suspicion and mystery and seemed to be related to psychic abilities . the two were married and had a daughter charile who has the ability to start fires by merely thinking about it . naturally the government takes a great interest in charlie and operatives from the secret department known as "the shop " want to quarrantine and study her .
charles brady and his mother mary move to a small indiana town having recently fled bodega bay california after draining and killed a young girl there . they are sleepwalkers - they can change their appearance and they need the lifeforce from young women . charles has picked out young tanya robertson whom he meets at a local high school as his next victim . he asks her out for a date and invites her home ... however she did not suspect his real interest in her . on their first date a picnic at a nearby cemetery charles attempts to drain the lifeforce from tanya for himself and his mother .
vengence drives a tough detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who 's systematically eliminating his competition .
an ambitious tv soap actress connives with her producer to scuttle the career of the show 's long -time star but nothing works as they plan .
david is a teenager whose parents are in a deteriorating marriage after their infant daughter dies . clara is a chambermaid at a jamaican resort who 's hired to be a housekeeper . she and david develop a close bond opening his eyes and heart to new experiences and eventually leading to a disturbing secret in clara 's past .
bernice "bernie" rhodenbarr is a burglar by trade and she runs a bookstore as well . her friend carl hefler is a dog groomer . after a successful burglary it 's discovered that a dead body ...
rita rizzoli is a narcotics police officer with a plethora of disguises . when a drug shipment is hijacked the thieves don 't know that the drug is unusually pure and packs of "fatal beauty " begin turning up next to too many dead bodies . mike marshak works for the original owner of the drugs and tries to tell himself that since he does not handle the drugs he is "clean". mike becomes rita 's constant companion as the drug hijackers (who are nearly psychotic and very well armed ) are hunted while more and more bodies continue to turn up .
insurance investigator maindrian pace and his team lead double -lives as unstoppable car thieves . when a south american drug lord pays pace to steal cars for him all but one a ford ...
street pimps all of them african -american discuss their lives and work : getting started being flamboyant pimping in various u .s. cities bringing a woman into their group taking a woman from another pimp and the rules and regulations of pimping . the men are clear : it 's about money . the women work every night hustle hard turn over all their earnings and steal anything they can from clients . we meet a few of the women who tell us what they want from a pimp . we also listen to a women who 's legally employed at a nevada brothel ; we meet her white boss a legal pimp . he and the street pimps some of whom are now retired make the case for legalizing the trade .
an update of the classic shakespeare story director kenneth branagh shot this movie like a classic musical . the film tells the story of four best friends who swear off love .
years into the future the sun begins to die and earth is dying as a result . a team of astronauts is sent to revive the sun - but the mission fails . seven years later a new team is sent to finish the mission as mankind 's last hope .
emily watson stars as trixie an eccentric woman who aspires to quit her job as a security guard and become a private detective . however comedy intervenes and the mess begins ...
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
sally bender is the wife of a captain in the united states marine corps . he is sent over to vietnam and sally is alone . with nothing else to do she decides to volunteer at a local veteran 's hospital where she meets luke who went to high school with sally . luke was wounded and is paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair . when sally begins to fall in love with luke she has to make a crucial decision about her life .
american pop is the animated story of a very talented and troubled family starting with century russia and moving through several generations of musicians . the film covers american popular music from the pre -jazz age through rhythm and blues rock 'n' roll drug -laden psychedelia and punk rock finally ending with the onset of new wave in the early .
on new year 's eve inside a police station that 's about to be closed for good officer jake roenick must cobble together a force made up cops and criminals to save themselves from a mob looking to kill mobster marion bishop .
a small -town farmer 's son reluctantly joins a traveling group of vampires after he is turned by a beautiful drifter .
in los angeles after a violent drug rip -off the los angeles police department detectives find the identity of the trio - the sadistic i .q. of and college graduate lenny "pluto" franklyn ; his not so bright buddy in san quentin ray malcolm ; and his girlfriend fantasia . their further investigation indicates that the criminals are fleeing to star city arkanas and lapd detective dud cole and his partner john mcfeely contact the local chief of police dale 'hurricane' dixon and they head to the little town . the yokel family man dale who is used to resolve domestic issues is fascinated with the chance to participate of a manhunt and befriends the two detectives . but when he sees the picture of fantasia he recognizes her as lila walker and is haunted by his past hiding a secret about lila walker .
new york city police detective john shaft (nephew of the original detective ) goes on a personal mission to make sure the son of a real estate tycoon is brought to justice after a racially -motivated murder .
harry caul is a devout catholic and a lover of jazz music who plays his saxophone while listening to his jazz records . he is a san francisco -based electronic surveillance expert who owns and operates his own small surveillance business . he is renowned within the profession as being the best one who designs and constructs his own surveillance equipment . he is an intensely private and solitary man in both his personal and professional life which especially irks stan his business associate who often feels shut out of what is happening with their work . this privacy which includes not letting anyone into his apartment and always telephoning his clients from pay phones is in part intended to control what happens around him . his and stan 's latest job (a difficult one ) is to record the private discussion of a young couple meeting in crowded and noisy union square . the arrangement with his client known only to him as "the director " is to provide the audio recording of the discussion and photographs of the couple directly to him alone in return for payment . based on circumstances with the director 's assistant martin stett and what harry ultimately hears on the recording harry believes that the lives of the young couple are in jeopardy . harry used to be detached from what he recorded but is now concerned ever since the deaths of three people that were the direct result of a previous audio recording he made for another job . harry not only has to decide if he will turn the recording over to the director but also if he will try and save the couple 's lives using information from the recording . as harry goes on a quest to find out what exactly is happening on this case he finds himself in the middle of his worst nightmare .
alex cutter (john heard ) came back from the war minus an eye a leg and an arm . he drinks a lot and abuses his wife who also drinks a lot . richard bone (jeff bridges ) is a friend who witnesses a murder . from this point john is "after" the killer alongside the diseased sister while jeff doesn 't really want to get involved in it .
in world war ii germany the tough sergeant don 'wardaddy' collier commands a tank and survives a german attack with his veteran crew composed of boyd 'bible' swan trini 'gordo' garcia and grady 'coon-ass' travis . he receives a rookie soldier norman ellison as the substitute for his deceased gunner and he tries to harden the youth along the way .
new york city cop daniel ciello is involved in some questionable police practices . he is approached by internal affairs and in exchange for him potentially being let off the hook he is instructed to begin to expose the inner workings of police corruption . danny agrees as long as he does not have to turn in his partners but he soon learns that he cannot trust anyone and he must decide whose side he is on and who is on his .
serpico is a cop in the -early . unlike all his colleagues he refuses a share of the money that the cops routinely extort from local criminals . nobody wants to work with serpico and he 's in constant danger of being placed in life threatening positions by his "partners". nothing seems to get done even when he goes to the highest of authorities . despite the dangers he finds himself in he still refuses to 'go with the flow ' in the hope that one day the truth will be known .
a frustrated former big -city journalist now stuck working for an albuquerque newspaper exploits a story about a man trapped in a cave to re -jump start his career but the situation quickly escalates into an out -of-control circus .
in order to free his best friend bondi jack burns lets himself be imprisoned only to find out that bondi does not want to escape . thus burns breaks out on his own and is afterwards being chased by sheriff johnson with helicopters and jeeps .
lou -jean a blonde woman tells her husband who is imprisoned to escape . they plan to kidnap their own child who was placed with foster parents . the escape is partly successful they take a hostage who is a policeman and are pursued through to texas ...
a gentleman thief and a lady pickpocket join forces to con a beautiful perfume company owner . romantic entanglements and jealousies confuse the scheme .
truck driver jack burton arrives in chinatown san francisco and goes to the airport with his chinese friend wang chi to welcome his green -eyed fiance miao yin who is arriving from china . however she is kidnapped on the arrival by a chinese street gang and jack and wang chase the group . soon they learn that the powerful evil sorcerer called david lo pan who has been cursed more than two thousand years ago to exist without physical body needs to marry a woman with green eyes to retrieve his physical body and miao is the chosen one . jack and wang team -up with the lawyer gracie law the bus driver and sorcerer apprentice egg shen and their friends and embark in a great adventure in the underground of chinatown where they face a world of magicians and magic monsters and martial arts fighters .
an impressionable teenage girl from a dead -end town and her older greaser boyfriend embark on a killing spree in the south dakota badlands .
based on the historical events the movie tells the story of a riot at the battleship potemkin . what started as a protest strike when the crew was given rotten meat for dinner ended in a riot . the sailors raised the red flag and tried to ignite the revolution in their home port odessa .
a friendship is put to the ultimate test when two best friends wind up in bed together .
new york city police detective john shaft (nephew of the original detective ) goes on a personal mission to make sure the son of a real estate tycoon is brought to justice after a racially -motivated murder .
a young man learns that he has to find a hidden earth ship before an enemy alien species does in order to secure the survival of humanity .
for moncho it 's an idyllic year : he starts school he has a wonderful teacher he makes a friend in roque he begins to figure out some of the mysteries of eros and with his older brother a budding saxophone player he makes a trip with the band from their town in galicia . but it 's also the year that the spanish republic comes under fire from fascist rebels . moncho 's father is a republican as is the aging teacher don gregorio . as sides are drawn and power falls clearly to one side the forces of fear violence and betrayal alter profoundly what should be the pleasure of coming of age .
a gentle and usually mellow young man who sometimes knows things before they happen and gets vibes of premonition tell us his story : how he met michelle in iowa in how he got the name fuckhead how she introduced him to heroin and their falling in love his thieving his hospital work and their time in chicago when she gets pregnant detox going to phoenix to live aa meetings and a dance working at a care center where he learns to touch the residents and modifying his daily schedule so that he passes a neighboring mennonite household at the right time to hear the wife sing gospel songs in the shower . slowly very slowly fh lets his gifts emerge .
having been hopelessly repressed and facing eventual certain death at the chicken farm where they are held rocky the rooster and ginger the chicken decide to rebel against the evil mr . and ms . tweedy the farm 's owners . rocky and ginger lead their fellow chickens in a great escape from the murderous farmers and their farm of doom .
the true story of frank abagnale jr . who before his birthday successfully conned millions of dollars ' worth of checks as a pan am pilot doctor and legal prosecutor .
a dad who works for the u .s. state department tries to keep the peace with his two sons one who 's a senator and the other a folk -singing iraq war vet .
in october a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the north atlantic . caught in the storm was the sword -fishing boat andrea gail . magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true -life drama while minute details of the fishing boats their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure .
in the 's the psychiatrist max raphael is hired to work as superintendent of an asylum in the outskirts of london and he moves with his wife stella raphael and their son charlie . stella has a passionless marriage and is ignored by max ; her boredom changes when her son befriends the handsome inmate edgar stark an sculptor that in a crisis of jealousy had killed and disfigured his wife and that is treated by dr . peter cleave an ambitious psychiatrist that aspired max 's position . during the afternoons stella has a hot adulterous affair with edgar until the day he escapes and their affair is discovered . stella has to take a decision between her family and her wild passion for edgar .
whitley strieber goes with his family and some friends to his holiday home in the forest . they experience some weird occurances are they ufo activity ? whitley is abducted and then faces a horrible dilema ; was i abducted or am i going mad ? he sees a psychiatrist who tries to use hypnotic regression to discover the truth .
a series of short highly irreverent and often tasteless skits .
a bitter young woman 's desperation to join a female gang leads to frightening consequences .
a movies special effects man is hired by a government agency to help stage the assassination of a well known gangster . when the agency double crosses him he uses his special effects to trap the gangster and the corrupt agents .
f /x man rollie tyler (bryan brown ) is now a toy maker . mike brandon (tom mason ) the ex -husband of rolly 's girlfriend kim (rachel ticotin ) is a cop . he asks rollie to help catch a killer . ...
as the devil watches pvt . snafu and his unit stationed in iran he talks about the hazards of working in the heat .
colonel james braddock is an american officer who spent seven years in a north vietnamese pow camp then escaped years ago . after the bloodiest war braddock accompanies a government ...
in the near future a private eye uses the latest technology gadgets to track down evil -doers.
with the help of an irreverent young sidekick a bank robber gets his old gang back together to organize a daring new heist .
a government funded project looks into using psychics to enter people 's dreams with some mechanical help . when a subject dies in his sleep from a heart attack alex gardner becomes suspicious that another of the psychics is killing people in the dreams somehow and that is causing them to die in real life . he must find a way to stop the abuse of the power to enter dreams .
sinbad and his crew intercept a homunculus carrying a golden tablet . koura the creator of the homunculus and practitioner of evil magic wants the tablet back and pursues sinbad . meanwhile ...
young kid has been invited to a party at his friend play 's house . but after a fight at school kid 's father grounds him . none the less kid sneaks out when his father falls asleep . but kid doesn 't know that three of the thugs at school has decided to give him a lesson in behaviour ...
when kid 's college money is stolen by a crooked music promoter play 's solution is to stage the 'mutha' of all pajama parties . starring kid 'n play and martin lawrence .
animation done to contemporary popular music .
graphic low -budget gore -shocker about rob and betty a couple of ordinary necrophiles who apparently don 't mind if their dead sexual partners are not so fresh . rob 's job affords him the opportunity to bring home corpses and the odd body part ; when he loses his job he loses betty and rob 's life gets really bizarre .
an astronaut crew on their way to the moon are unexpectedly propelled by gravitational forces and end up on mars instead .
an aspiring writer is hired as a croupier at a casino where he realizes that his life as a croupier would make a great novel .
two western bank /train robbers flee to bolivia when the law gets too close .
a year after disposing of the body of a man they accidentally killed a group of dumb teenagers are stalked by a bumbling serial killer .
a naive teenager is sent to rehab camp when her straitlaced parents and friends suspect her of being a lesbian .
shenzhen businessman da ming goes home to beijing when he thinks his father has died . he finds his father hard at work at the family 's bathhouse (the false message was a ruse of da 's mentally -handicapped exuberant brother er ming to get da home ). da stays a couple days observing his father being social director marriage counselor and dispute mediator for his customers and a boon companion to er . da is caught between worlds : the decaying district of his childhood and the booming south where he now lives with a wife who 's not met his family . when da realizes his father 's health is failing and the district is slated for razing he must take stock of family and future .
a mod london photographer finds something very suspicious in the shots he has taken of a mysterious beauty in a desolate park .
in a poor neighborhood of new york the bitter and lonely jewish pawnbroker sol nazerman is a survivor from auschwitz that has no emotions or feelings . sol lost his dearest family and friends in the war and his faith in god and belief in mankind . now he only cares for money and is haunted by daydreams actually flashbacks from the period of the concentration camp . sol 's assistant is the ambitious latino jesus ortiz who wants to learn with sol how to run a business of his own . when sol realizes that the obscure laundry business he has with the powerful gangster rodriguez comes also from brothels sol recalls the fate of his beloved wife in the concentration camp and has a nervous breakdown . his attitude leads jesus ortiz to tragedy and sol finds a way to cry .
on friday a single e -mail blips through the internet . the word spreads quickly through the city : the party is on . saturday evening two hundred people secretly converge at an abandoned san francisco warehouse . as the sun sets the records start spinning setting into motion a night that no one will forget . meet david turner a midwest transplant . he moved to the city with aspirations of starting his career as a writer but his hopes have stalled . after four years he finds himself writing instruction manuals for a computer company . overworked and with little social life david spends his time alone his dream of being a novelist a distant memory . that night his brother colin turner invites him to groove . colin has a surprise for his new girlfriend young raver sprite harmony stitts and he wants david there . david reluctantly agrees and is shocked when colin proposes to harmony at the party . in the ensuing celebration they take ecstasy and suddenly david is thrust into the world of the san francisco underground . in a chance encounter david meets longtime new york raver leyla heydel and makes an unlikely connection . through their budding relationship they 're reminded of a sense of possibility and freedom in their lives they had all but forgotten . but as the party rages on colin reveals a deep secret one that threatens to destroy his relationship with harmony . when the sun rises the party disappears and the chaos of the last twelve hours changes the two brothers forever .
classic tale of teenage rebellion and repression features a delightful combination of dance choreography and realistic and touching performances . when teenager ren mccormack and his family move from big -city chicago to a small midwestern town he 's in for a real case of culture shock . though he tries hard to fit in the streetwise ren can 't quite believe he 's living in a place where rock music and dancing are illegal . however there is one small pleasure : ariel moore a troubled but lovely blonde with a jealous boyfriend . and a bible -thumping minister who is responsible for keeping the town dance -free. ren and his classmates want to do away with this ordinance especially since the senior prom is around the corner but only ren has the courage to initiate a battle to abolish the outmoded ban and revitalize the spirit of the repressed townspeople . fast -paced drama is filled with such now -famous hit songs as the title track and "let's hear it for the boy ".
when her father is hanged for shooting his wife and her lover half -breed pearl chavez goes to live with distant relatives in texas . welcomed by laura belle and her elder lawyer son jesse she meets with hostility from the ranch -owner himself wheelchair -bound senator jackson mccanles and with lustful interest from womanising unruly younger son lewt . almost at once already existing family tensions are exacerbated by her presence and the way she is physically drawn to lewt .
in a world where both mutants and humans fear each other marie better known as rogue runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant known as logan a .k.a. wolverine . charles xavier who owns a school for young mutants sends storm and cyclops to bring them back before it is too late . magneto who believes a war is approaching has an evil plan in mind and needs young rogue to help him .
an oddly naive man -child stalks his childhood best friend and tries to reconnect with their past .
interconnected stories examine situations involving the five senses . touch is represented by a massage therapist who is treating a woman while her daughter accidentally loses the woman 's ...
norman spencer a university research scientist is growing more and more concerned about his wife claire a retired concert cellist who a year ago was involved in a serious auto accident and who has just sent off her daughter caitlin (norman's stepdaughter ) to college . now claire reports hearing voices and witnessing eerie occurrences in and around their lakeside vermont home including seeing the face of a young woman reflected in water . an increasingly frightened claire thinks the phenomena have something to do with the couple living next door especially since the wife has disappeared without apparent explanation . at her husband 's urging claire starts to see a therapist ; she tells him she thinks the house is being haunted by a ghost . his advice ? try to make contact . enlisting the help of her best friend jody and a ouija board claire seeks to find out the truth of what lies beneath .
ash ketchum must gather the three spheres of fire ice and lightning in order to restore balance to the orange islands .
after a perverted impulse drives them to kill alice and her boyfriend luc drag the body into the woods only to find themselves hopelessly lost - much like the fairy -tale plight of ...
frederick manion (ben gazzara ) a lieutenant in the army is arrested for the murder of a bartender barney quill . he claims in his defense that the victim had raped and beaten up his wife laura (lee remick ). although laura supports her husband 's story the police surgeon can find no evidence that she has been raped . manion is defended by paul biegler (james stewart ) a rather humble small -town lawyer . during the course of interviews biegler discovers that manion is violently possessive and jealous and also that his wife has a reputation for giving her favors to other men . biegler realizes that the prosecution will try to make the court believe that laura was the lover of the bartender and than manion killed him and beat her up when he discovered them together . manion pleads "not guilty " and biegler who knows that his case is weak sets his assistants to try to find a witness who will save manion .
bounty hunters from the future transport a doomed race -car driver to new york in where his mind will be replaced with that of a dead billionaire .
college exploitation film focusing on the wild escapades of the women of h .o.t.s. sorority . the antics include but are certainly not limited to a wet t -shirt contest a sky -diving episode ...
a travelling troupe of jousters and performers are slowly cracking under the pressure of hick cops financial troubles and their failure to live up to their own ideals . the group 's leader king billy is increasingly unable to maintain his warrior 's rule while the black knight is being tempted away to la and stardom as they all have to ask why they were here in the first place .
a bandit kidnaps a marshal who has seen a map showing a gold vein on indian lands but other groups are looking for it too while the apache try to keep the secret location undisturbed .
sinbad must deliver a prince transformed into a monkey to the lands of the ademaspai to restore him to his human form in time for his coronation . on the way he must contend with the evil witch zenobia her son and their magic and several nasty -looking ray harryhausen beasties .
doctor leo marvin an egotistical psychotherapist in new york city is looking forward to his forthcoming appearance on a "good morning america " telecast during which he plans to brag about "baby steps " his new book about emotional disorder theories in which he details his philosophy of treating patients and their phobias . meanwhile bob wiley is a recluse who is so afraid to leave his own apartment that he has to talk himself out the door . when bob is pawned off on leo by a psychotherapist colleague bob becomes attached to leo . leo finds bob extremely annoying . when leo accompanies his wife fay his daughter anna and his son siggy to a peaceful new hampshire lakeside cottage for a month -long vacation leo thinks he 's been freed from bob . leo expects to mesmerize his family with his prowess as a brilliant husband and remarkable father who knows all there is to know about instructing his wife and raising his kids . but bob isn 't going to let leo enjoy a quiet summer by the lake . by cleverly tricking the telephone operator at the doctor 's exchange bob discovers the whereabouts of leo and his family . despite his phobia about traveling alone bob somehow manages to talk himself onto a bus and he arrives in new hampshire . leo 's vacation comes to a screeching halt the moment he sees bob . with his witty personality his ability to manipulate people and his good sense of humor bob quickly becomes an annoyance to leo but not to fay anna and siggy because they think bob is fun while leo is dull . fearing that he 's losing his family to bob leo frantically tries to find a way to make bob go back to new york and it 's not as easy as leo had hoped . leo finds himself stepping outside the law to try to get bob to stay away from fay anna and siggy --leo slowly goes berserk and makes plans to kill bob .
three australian lieutenants are court martialed for executing prisoners as a way of deflecting attention from war crimes committed by their superior officers .
seven segments related to one another only in that they all purport to be based on sections of the book by david reuben . the segments range from "do aphrodisiacs work ?" in which a court jester gives an aphrodisiac to the queen and is in the end beheaded to "what happens during ejaculation ?" in which we watch 'control central ' during a successful seduction .
three sisters find their lives spinning out of control in the wake of their parents ' sudden unexpected divorce .
in czarist russia a neurotic soldier and his distant cousin formulate a plot to assassinate napoleon .
alicia marnet de ibez is a high school history professor and a well -to-do housewife in buenos aires circa after the fall of the "junta militar " that had taken over the government since . she has a husband roberto who is a succesful lawyer and a five -year-old adopted daughter .
in this humorous paean to the joys of food the main story is about trucker goro who rides into town like a modern shane to help tampopo set up the perfect noodle soup restaurant . woven into this main story are a number of smaller stories about the importance of food ranging from a gangster who mixes hot sex with food to an old woman who terrorizes a shopkeeper by compulsively squeezing his wares .
mr . conductor 's supply of magic gold dust which allows him to travel between shining time and thomas 's island is critically low . unfortunately he doesn 't know how to get more . meanwhile thomas is fending off attacks by the nasty diesel engines . getting more gold dust will require help from mr . c 's slacker cousin his new friend lilly and her morose grandfather plus the secret engine he 's hidden all these years and couldn 't get running .
scientist sherman klump 's inventions his upcoming marriage to his pretty colleague denise gaines and his reputation are threatened by his evil clone buddy love .
it 's night on a paris bridge . a girl leans over seine river with tears in her eyes and a violent yearning to drown her sorrows . out of nowhere someone takes an interest in her . he is gabor a knife thrower who needs a human target for his show . the girl adele has never been lucky and nowhere else to go . so she follows him . they travel along the northern bank of the mediterranean to perform and in the process win a big fortune through gambling . although both of them continue a platonic relationship the sex -starved girl attempts to sleep with handsome guys she encounters throughout the journey . finally adele falls in love with a newly -wed groom and both of them elope to greece while gabor is stuck in turkey . then adele is dumped by the groom . only by now both gabor and adele realize that luck isn 't with them unless they get together again . but both of them are so broke that they can 't even feed themselves let alone getting back to paris and reunite ...
in the police investigation of a brutal crime scene one man was at the center of it all : legendary porn star john holmes .
forty -eight year old will keane is a successful restaurateur and serial womanizer his reputation generally preceding him . when he is introduced to twenty -two year old charlotte fielding by charlotte 's grandmother will 's old friend dolly who he has not seen in years there is a mutual but slow to acknowledge attraction . after their first date will and charlotte agree that their relationship will never progress to one of a long term standing but for different reasons : while this is will 's somewhat standard modus operandi charlotte announces that she has a terminal heart condition . charlotte 's admission makes will look at this relationship differently he being told by his best friend john that if he is going to continue to date charlotte that he better treat her well . their relationship does end up being different than both expect for charlotte which could mean a change from her current "let me die in peace " attitude to want to fight for her life . and will 's time with charlotte is further influenced by his encounter with a young woman named lisa tyler .
sexy romantic comedy about a girl in her early named violet sanford going to nyc to pursue a dream of becoming a songwriter . violet gets a "day" job as a bar maid at a nightclub called coyote ugly . coyote ugly is the city 's newest hot spot where the employees are a team of sexy resourceful women that provoke the clientele and press with their mischief .
scientists discover how to make people invisible but their test subject becomes an insane killer who stalks them .
when a russian satellite orbiting the earth starts to veer off course . it seems like the guidance system in the satellite is of american origin . it 's important to try and fix it before it comes into the atmosphere . the nasa man bob gerson tries to find out who designed it and discovers that it was designed by frank corvin an air force pilot who years ago was part of the team who was originally suppose to go to space but when nasa was formed and gerson 's influence they were dropped . gerson asks frank to help but frank still holds a grudge . but after some prodding he agrees but only if he and his team can go there so he can fix it . gerson reluctantly agrees so frank recruits his former team members tank sullivan jerry o 'neill and hawk hawkins to join him . after some strenuous tests they 're cleared . and they go up with two other astronauts and check out the satellite and discover that they weren 't told the whole truth .
a catholic high school student trying to perfect his soccer timing by practicing dance falls in love with his dance partner .
a widow discovers after her husband 's suicide that he has mortgaged everything they own and the banks are ready to foreclose . faced with impending doom and little working knowledge except her ability to grow plants she struggles to save her home . enter her gardener who is struggling to make a few marijuana plants grow in a hidden location and suggests that she use her green house to help grow the plants and sell them to make the money both need . he is wanting to get married but needs capital . what he doesn 't know is that his girl friend is pregnant and thus fears that they will be busted for growing marijuana . while supposedly working the whole village is well aware of the endeavor and is hoping for their success . when the plants come in grace takes the crop to london and tries to sell it to a ruthless but charming drug dealer . everything busts loose from there .
a trio of atmospheric horror tales about : a woman terrorized in her apartment by phone calls from an escaped prisoner from her past ; a russian count in the early who stumbles upon a ...
dr . bill cortner has been performing experimental surgery on human guinea pigs without authorization and against the advice of his father also a surgeon . when bill 's fiance jan compton is decapitated in an automobile accident he manages to keep her brain alive . he now needs to find a new body for his bride -to-be and settles on doris powell a glamor model with a facial disfigurement . jan meanwhile doesn 't want to continue her body -less existence and calls upon the creature hidden in the basement one of bill cortner 's unsuccessful experiments to break loose .
an idealistic modern -day cowboy struggles to keep his wild west show afloat in the face of hard luck and waning interest .
a secret admirer 's crush on a high school athlete takes a fatal turn .
during world war ii a german colonel is captured by the americans but before he can be interrogated an artillery barrage hits the camp . however ex -lieutenant kelly manages to reach the colonel get him drunk and learn that he is on a secret mission to ship of gold to a base in france . kelly is determined to get the gold and plans for himself and a few of his fellow soldiers to slip into enemy territory and steal the bullion .
mike now released from a psychiatric hospital continues his journey to stop the evil tall man from his grim work .
the tall man that imposing menace from morningside mortuary is back and once again haunting the thoughts of the now -adult mike and his friend ex -ice cream vendor reggie . the two continue their hunt for the mysterious figure and in his path of destruction encounter a variety of dangerous situations friends and enemies . they also must contend with the resurrected dead plus a growing number of the infamous and deadly silver spheres which aid the tall man as he sets his sights on indoctrinating mike and finishing the fight begun so many years ago .
taking off immediately where the last one ended in this episode mike travels across dimensions and time fleeing from the tall man at the same time he tries to find the origins of his enemy and what really happened the night that his brother died . meanwhile reggie (accompanied by a beauty he picked up on the road ) battles the spheres and the undead in a quest to find mike before the tall man can complete his transformation .
after a group of bikers accidentally murder a young boy named billy harley his father ed harley is devastated and the only thing he wants is revenge and goes to an old woman who is said to be a witch and conjures a demonic creature known as pumpkin head and with revenge on his mind unleashes him upon the bikers .
air america was the cia 's private airline operating in laos during the vietnam war running anything and everything from soldiers to foodstuffs for local villagers . after losing his pilot 's license billy covington is recruited into it and ends up in the middle of a bunch of lunatic pilots gun -running by his friend gene ryack and opium smuggling by his own superiors .
after a horrible boating accident kills her family angela a shy and sullen young girl moves in with her eccentric aunt martha alongside her protective cousin ricky . one summer martha sends the kids to camp arawak . soon after their arrival a series of bizarre and increasingly violent accidents begins to claim the lives of various campers . who is the twisted individual behind these murders ? the disclosure of the murderer 's identity is one of the most shocking climaxes in the history of american cinema .
revolving around truvy 's beauty parlor in a small parish in modern -day louisiana steel magnolias is the story of a close -knit circle of friends whose lives come together there . as the picture opens we find drum eatenton shooting birds in the trees of his back yard in preparation for his daughter 's wedding reception that afternoon . shortly thereafter m 'lynn and shelby (drum's wife and daughter ) depart for truvy 's to get their hair done for the wedding . "just the sweetest thing " annelle depuy desoto (who may or may not be married because her marriage may not be legal ) is introduced to truvy 's customers as her new "glamour technician ." while in the chairs the sour -tempered ouiser boudreaux shows up and entertains the assemblage with her barbs . it seems that the only one of the group who truly understands ouiser is clairee who is recently widowed and looking for a diversion . as she says later in the picture "if you can 't find anything good to say about anybody come sit by me ." filled with humor and heartbreak these "steel magnolias " make us laugh and cry as the realities of their lives in tiny chiquapin parish unfolds .
in this variation on director vadim 's own more acclaimed et dieu cra la femme the same title in french ) the vamp robin shea marries charming carpenter billy moran only to get out of prison but soon decides to seduce james tiernan who runs for state governor .
when jw becomes a drug runner in order to maintain his double life his fate becomes tied to two other men : jorge a fugitive on the run from both the serbian mafia and the police and mafia enforcer mrado who is on the hunt for jorge .
an autistic boy witnesses his parents ' double murder . richard dreyfuss as a controversial therapist seeks to probe the child 's mind in order to solve the case .
in beautiful young mute helen is a domestic worker for elderly ailing mrs . warren . mrs . warren 's two adult sons albert (a professor ) and womanizing impudent steven also live in the warren mansion . mrs . warren becomes concerned for helen 's safety when a rash of murders involving 'women with afflictions ' hits the neighborhood . she implores her physician dr . parry to take helen away for her own safety . when another murder occurs inside the warren mansion it becomes obvious that helen is in danger .
november margaret cho is home in san francisco at the warfield theater . cho structures her monologue loosely on her professional life 's trajectory : doing stand -up cast in an abc -tv sitcom losing pounds in two weeks for the part the show 's cancellation a descent into booze pills and self -loathing and a resurrection into her own voice her own shape and being the one she wants . along the way we visit karl langerfeld in jail a lesbian cruise ship a tv guide photo shoot a hospital bars and her family 's polk street bookshop . takes on being a fag hag speeding up felatio casual daily racism and her mother 's phone messages highlight a scabrous brilliant performance .
underachieving overweight kindergarten teacher dex finds a woman who forces him to reexamine his zen -like system of seduction .
berlin ("the battle of berlin "). felice an intelligent and courageous jewish woman who lives under a false name belongs to an underground organization . lilly a devoted mother of four though an occasional unfaithful wife is desperate for love . an unusual and passionate love between them blossoms despite the danger of persecution and nightly bombing raids .
they recount their impressions to the interviewer . they met through a magazine ad she and he . they corresponded through the internet . he responded to her ad seeking someone to fulfil her fantasy for "a pornographic affair ". this is their first meeting in a paris caf . he 's a little reticent . she wants to know whether or not he 's hairy . (he is ; he 's spanish .) they retire to a nearby hotel room . the door of the room closes . unseen the affair is consummated ... they continue to see one another regularly each week . they find they get along well together . soon she suggests that they try normal sex the next time ...
omens and concepts of good vs . evil have no place in maggie o 'connor's well -ordered practical universe . her life revolves around her job as a nurse at a busy new york hospital until one rainy night her sister jenna abandons her newborn autistic daughter at her home . maggie takes the baby in and she becomes the daughter she never had . six years later jenna suddenly re -appears with a mysterious new husband eric and abducts cody . despite the fact that maggie has no legal rights to cody fbi agent john travis an expert in ritual homicide and occult -related crime takes up her cause when he realizes that cody shares the same birth date as several other recently missing children . the little girl it soon becomes clear is more than simply "special." she manifests extraordinary powers that the forces of evil have waited centuries to control and her abduction sparks a clash between the soldiers of good and evil that can only be resolved in the end by the strength of one small child and the love she inspires in those she touches .
an insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage filmmakers kidnap an a -list hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film .
a documentary look mostly through the eyes of tammy faye bakker messner at her rise and fall as a popular televangelist with husband jim bakker . traces their rise : her teen marriage to jim ; their children 's tv show (she was a puppeteer and singer ) success founding the club co -founding the trinity broadcast network and starting ptl network ; her nondenominational version of christianity reaching out to all ; and their building of heritage usa a theme park . things fall apart as money woes mount for heritage and for jim as tammy takes pills and as jerry falwell takes ptl . jim goes to prison ; she remarries finds herself alone again yet remains unsinkable .
a struggling auto mechanic with a criminal past agrees to one last heist to pay off his debts .
a comedy based on the professional football players ' strike . gene hackman plays the coach of the team jack warden is the owner brett cullen is the all -pro quarterback that goes on strike and keanu reeves is the "scab" who replaces the star qb .
when a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become bloodthirsty creatures and a group of people in new england are among the survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after .
godzilla returns in a brand -new movie that ignores all preceding movies except for the original with a brand new look and a powered up atomic ray . this time he battles a mysterious ufo that later transforms into a mysterious kaiju dubbed orga . they meet up for the final showdown in the city of shinjuku .
february and the original kings of comedy play charlotte nc . the themes are blacks and whites men and women old -school and hip -hop. steve harvey emcees celebrates music and lyrics of love and pokes at folks in the front row . d .l. hughley mines racial differences and talks about his marriage . cedric the entertainer riffs on a black president and on being grown up . bernie mac who says he expresses what 's in the back of our minds closes with reflections on being (new aspects to his sex life and his attitude toward children ). spike lee 's camera takes us backstage and off -stage with the kings and into the crowd where everyone 's laughing .
don pablo salazar steals a fortune in jewels from an indian tribe and an aztec medicine man puts a curse on the jewels until they are returned . years later an american insurance man breen mathews (willard parker ) promises to deliver the salazar fortune to the rightful heir after luis salazar son of don pablo is killed . breen heads for topaz where he hopes to find the surviving heir teresa . he finds instead louisa daughter of teresa and is forced to fight a crooked group of townspeople who are after the salazar fortune cursed or otherwise . included in the group are judge cole (billy house ) known as "the hanging judge " and barnum (barton maclane ) local saloon owner . after defeating all the crooks breen is told by louisa that she the last of the salazars is going to return the treasure to its rightful owners and lift the curse .
change comes slowly to a small new hampshire town in the early century . people grow up get married live and die . milk and the newspaper get delivered every morning and nobody locks ...
shane rides into a conflict between cattleman ryker and a bunch of settlers like joe starrett and his family whose land ryker wants . when shane beats up ryker 's man chris ryker tries to buy him . then shane and joe take on the whole ryker crew . ryker sends to cheyenne for truly evil gunslinger wilson . shane must clear out all the guns from the valley .
in the city of suddenly three gangsters trap the benson family in their own house on the top of a hill nearby the railroad station with the intention of killing the president of the usa .
a woman seeking revenge for her murdered father hires a famous gunman but he 's very different from what she expects .
in the countryside of england the duc de richleau a .k.a nicholas welcomes his old friend rex van ryn that has flown to meet him and simon aron who is the son of an old friend of them that had passed away but charged them the task of watching the youngster . nicholas and rex unexpectedly visit simon that is receiving twelve mysterious friends . sooner nicholas who is proficient in black magic learns that the guests are member of a satanic cult and simon and his friend tanith carlisle will be baptized by the powerful leader mocata to serve the devil . the two friends abduct simon and tanith expecting to save their souls but mocata summons the angel of death and the goat of mendes to help him in a battle between the good and the forces of evil .
years ago krypton was about to explode and kal -el was sent to earth to escape that fate . however his older cousin kara was also intended to accompany the infant as his protector . unfortunately kara was accidentally diverted into the timeless phantom zone for years before finally arriving on earth decades later and found by her cousin who had grown into superman . years later kara danvers is a young professional adrift in a thankless job until a fateful crisis ignites a sense of purpose using kryptonian powers she had long hidden . inspired kara decides to emulate her cousin 's superheroic ways only to find her foster sister introducing her to the secret department of extra -normal operations dedicated to fighting alien menaces including those kara inadvertently led to earth . now with such help the maid of might takes her place as earth 's newest champion with new friends and enemies challenging her world .
documentary on the main principles of sun tsu "art of war " illustrated with examples from the second world war the vietnam war and the american civil war .
with the help of her mother family friends and fellow musicians aiyana elliott reaches for her father legendary cowboy troubadour ramblin ' jack elliott . she explores who he is and how he got there working back and forth between archival and contemporary footage . born in in brooklyn busking through the south and west in the early a year with woody guthrie six years flatpicking in europe a triumphant return to greenwich village in the early mentoring bob dylan then life on the road from gig to gig singing and telling stories . a grammy and the national medal of arts await jack near the end of a long trail . what will aiyana find for herself ?
the toro cheerleading squad from rancho carne high school in san diego has got spirit spunk sass and a killer routine that 's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row . but for newly -elected team captain torrance the toros ' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly -choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the clovers a hip -hop squad from east compton by the toro 's former captain . while the toros scramble to come up with a new routine the clovers led by squad captain isis have their own problems - coming up with enough money to cover their travel expenses to the championships . with time running out and the pressure mounting both captains drive their squads to the point of exhaustion : torrance hell bent on saving the toros ' reputation and isis more determined than ever to see that the clovers finally get the recognition that they deserve . but only one team can bring home the title so may the best moves win .
dwayne and his older sister mai are adults : mai is married to vinh dwayne is about to propose to nina . twenty -two years ago when mai was she and dwayne were refugees in vietnam adopted by harold and dee williams african -americans from los angeles . now they remain close especially dwayne and his parents . mai drops a bomb : she 's located their birth mother thahn and she 's flying her to la . dee takes the news hard : she sees herself being replaced . harold is more sanguine and dwayne pretends to be indifferent . when thahn arrives tensions reach the breaking point between mai and dee between nina and dwayne and even between dee and harold . can we all get along ?
when her rather explicit copy is rejected magazine journalist kate is asked by her editor to come up with an article on loving relationships instead and to do so by the end of the day . this gets kate thinking back over her own various experiences and to wondering if she is in much of a position to write on the subject .
five years after yippie founder abbie hoffman goes underground to avoid a drug -related prison sentence he contacts a reporter to get out the story of the fbi 's covert spying harassment and inciting of violence they then blame on the left . the skeptical reporter interviews anita hoffman 's wife a single mom on welfare in new york city ; hoffman 's attorney gerry lefcourt ; and others . as they talk we see hoffman 's career in flashbacks from early civil rights organizing through the trial of the chicago eight . while underground as mental illness takes its toll he meets johanna lawrenson and an odd family develops : abbie anita their son and johanna . will vindication ever arrive ?
an immortal scottish swordsman must confront the last of his immortal opponent a murderously brutal barbarian who lusts for the fabled "prize".
roscoe and buster are working at a vaudeville house . when the crew attacks the strongman for bullying his assistant the man goes out on strike so the crew puts on a show . when the strongman starts shooting from the balcony buster rigs a swing picks him up and takes him to the stage where is again subdued .
trying to bootstrap his way out of brooklyn 's mean streets is diamond a rap musician . with his long -time pal gage acting as his manager he 's trying to lay down a demo tape with cut -rate studio time . to pay the bills he and gage run drugs for "mr. b ." inside a week diamond 's beloved mother dies suddenly his father appears after an absence of years and wants a relationship and his girlfriend kia tells him she 's pregnant asking him if he 's ready to be a father . gage steals in a multiple -felony robbery so that diamond can record a full album not knowing it 's mr . b 's money he 's taken . b wants his money diamond wants his music tia wants an answer .
medical student paula henning wins a place at an exclusive heidelberg medical school . when the body of a young man she met on the train turns up on her dissection table she begins to ...
a kansas city waitress with dreams of becoming a nurse becomes delusional after seeing her no -good car salesman husband murdered . becoming delusional from shock she becomes convinced that she is the former fiance of her soap opera idol . what she also believes is that the soap opera is real and goes to la to find the hospital where he works as a cardiologist . meanwhile her husband 's murderers are searching for the drugs stolen by her husband and as luck would have it they are stored in the trunk of the car she drove off in . freeman an aging hit man planning his retirement after this job also becomes delusional about the woman he is tracking .
watcher tells the classic "monster in the closet " story with a twist - the horrifying ending will be sure to shock you .
two petty if violent criminals kidnap a girl being paid m to be a surrogate mother . as the baby is for a gangster the pair 's demand for money sees several henchmen and assorted other ruthless characters head after them to mexico . bullets rather than talking are always going to settle this one .
william miller is a -year-old kid hired by rolling stone magazine to tour with and write about stillwater an up and coming rock band . this wonderfully witty coming -of-age film follows william as he falls face first to confront life love and lingo .
a professional karaoke hustler reconnects with his daughter and a bored suburban businessman turns outlaw karaoke singer among other plotlines .
francisco goya deaf and ill lives the last years of his life in voluntary exile in bordeaux a liberal protesting the oppressive rule of ferdinand vii . he 's living with his much younger wife leocadia and their daughter rosario . he continues to paint at night and in flashbacks stirred by conversations with his daughter by awful headaches and by the befuddlement of age he relives key times in his life particularly his relationship with the duchess of alba his discovery of how he wanted to paint (insight provided by velzquez 's work ) and his lifelong celebration of the imagination . throughout his reveries become tableaux of his paintings .
a tour of the anger stage .
the sixth or seventh best superhero team in the world pursue their rightful place in the harshly competitive world of toy tie -ins and fighting evil .
a lawyer is asked to come to the police station to clear up a few loose ends in his witness report of a foul murder . this will only take ten minutes they say but it turns out to be one loose end after another and the ten minutes he is away from his speech become longer and longer ...
series which dramatises well -known urban legends each episode . the catch is one (or more ) of the 'legends' actually did happen and it 's for the viewer to figure it out .
isabella is a great cook making her husband 's restaurant in bahia brazil a success . to control her motion sickness she must do the driving and be on top during sex which drives her macho husband toninho to infidelities . heart -broken she leaves for san francisco moving in with her childhood friend monica a cross -dresser. to mend her heart she makes an offering to yemanja the goddess of the sea . the goddess responds : isabella no longer loves and the fish in bahia no longer bite . stricken toninho heads north to get her back ; he finds her hosting a popular tv show passion food courted by its producer . can he learn humility ? can she find happiness without him ?
selma has emigrated with her son from central europe to america . the year is . selma works day and night to save her son from the same disease she suffers from a disease that inevitably will make her blind . but selma has the energy to live because of her secret ! she loves musicals . when life feels tough she can pretend that she is in the wonderful world of musicals ...just for a short moment . all happiness life is not able to give her she finds there ...
the owners (and handlers ) of five show dogs head for the mayflower kennel club dog show . a film crew interviews them as they prepare for the trip arrive at philly 's taft hotel and compete . from florida come the flecks : she keeps running into old lovers . a wordless ancient in a wheelchair and his buxom trophy wife who may have a thing for the dog 's handler own the two -time defending best in show a poodle . from the piney woods of n .c. comes a fella who wants to be a ventriloquist . high -strung dinks feud loudly in front of their weimaraner . two outr gay men from tribeca round out the profiled owners . the dog show brings out the essence of the humans . who will be best in show ?
a rockumentary about the canadian rock band barenaked ladies 's life in a nutshell .
three couples at various stages of break -up discuss the actions that led them there with a sympathetic psychiatrist .
diana without her father knowing it trains as a boxer and achieves impressive success blazing new trails for female boxers .
suburban virginia schools have been segregated for generations . one black and one white high school are closed and the students sent to t .c. williams high school under federal mandate to integrate . the year is seen through the eyes of the football team where the man hired to coach the black school is made head coach over the highly successful white coach . based on the actual events of the team becomes the unifying symbol for the community as the boys and the adults learn to depend on and trust each other .
clive barker 's feature directing debut graphically depicts the tale of a man and wife who move into an old house and discover a hideous creature - the man 's half -brother who is also the woman 's former lover - hiding upstairs . having lost his earthly body to a trio of s &m demons the cenobites he is brought back into existence by a drop of blood on the floor . he soon forces his former mistress to bring him his necessary human sacrifices to complete his body ... but the cenobites won 't be happy about this .
shatter and jackson chicago police officers are investigating the brutal murder of a rabbi and are summoned to israel for questioning . while they are in israel they continue their investigation there on some leads they have . after a while they begin to understand that they are trying to catch a supernatural being and if they don 't do it fast something terrible will happen .
pinhead is stuck in a block after the big confrontation in "hellbound" the block containing pinhead and the puzzle cube is bought by a young playboy as sculpture . pinhead busies himself escaping by getting the playboy to lure victims to his presence so he can use their blood . once free he seeks to destroy the puzzle cube so he need never return to hell but a female reporter is investigating the grisly murders and stands in his way .
audrey a determined young american woman arrives in the philippines with a mysterious mission little money and no chance of success . but when she enlists the help of two friendly locals hazel and rey and an extremely unfriendly american expatriate nick suddenly the possibility of success comes into view . all they have to do is cross miles of roads jungles and ocean ward off the attacks of a vicious local motorcycle gang and keep themselves from killing each other . it 's going to be a bumpy ride .
the first of the five official american -international "beach party " movies . anthropology professor robert orwell sutwell and his secretary marianne are studying the sex habits of teenagers . the surfing teens led by frankie and dee dee don 't have much sex but they sing battle the motorcycle rats and mice led by eric von zipper and dance to dick dale and the del tones . look for big daddy 's surprise cameo .
a millionaire sets out to prove his theory that his pet chimpanzee is as intelligent as the teenagers who hang out on the local beach where he is intending to build a retirement home .
philippe delambre the now -adult son of "the fly " does some transportation experimentation of his own .
gogo a martian teenager is sent to earth to prepare the way for an invasion . the first earthling he meets one aunt wendy is a rich widow who runs a dress shop catering to teenagers . her nephew big lunk is a volleyball -loving guy with little interest in romance which causes frustration for his girlfriend connie . naturally gogo meets connie and they fall in love . meanwhile aunt wendy 's shady neighbor and his gang concoct a scheme to part aunt wendy from her cash . also meanwhile the local motorcycle gang wants revenge on the volleyball players for ... getting footprints on their beach . somehow all the subplots come together at the pajama party .
a self -styled new york hipster is paid a surprise visit by his younger cousin from budapest . from initial hostility and indifference a small degree of affection grows between the two . along with a friend they eventually end up visiting their aunt in the wastelands of cleveland and then proceed to florida where they lose all their money gambling before unwittingly gaining a fortune .
admiral nelson takes a brand new atomic submarine through its paces . when the van allen radiation belt catches fire the admiral must find a way to beat the heat or watch the world go up in smoke .
a scientist is nearly assassinated . in order to save him a submarine is shrunken to microscopic size and injected into his blood stream with a small crew . problems arise almost as soon as they enter the bloodstream .
the world of freight handlers wilbur grey and chick young is turned upside down when the remains of frankenstein 's monster and dracula arrive from europe to be used in a house of horrors . dracula awakens and escapes with the weakened monster who he plans to re -energize with a new brain . larry talbot (the wolfman ) arrives from london in an attempt to thwart dracula . dracula 's reluctant aide is the beautiful dr . sandra mornay . her reluctance is dispatched by dracula 's bite . dracula and sandra abduct wilbur for his brain and recharge the monster in preparation for the operation . chick and talbot attempt to find and free wilbur but when the full moon rises all hell breaks loose with the wolfman dracula and frankenstein all running rampant .
egbert sous leads an ordinary life but is about to have an extraordinary day . henpecked at home home by his demanding wife agatha and more or less ignored by his daughter myrtle he sets off for the day . he comes across a movie shoot whose drunken director hasn 't shown up for work and egbert saying he has experience is hired . afterward he gets credit for stopping bank robbers and is rewarded with a job as the bank guard . he seems headed for trouble however when he convinces his son -in-law og a teller at the same bank to use for can 't lose investment . the investment is a scam however and when the bank examiner arrives it looks bad for them . as you would expect however it all turns out well in the end .
a strange prehistoric beast lurks in the depths of the amazonian jungle . a group of scientists try to capture the animal and bring it back to civilization for study .
revolves around a day in the life of a homeless man in washington d .c. through a series of encounters we find that the homeless guy has a heart of gold and is actually being forced to panhandle for a couple of low level thugs . as the day progresses the homeless man is reminded of what it takes in life to do the right thing . invisible man is a heartwarming tale of what happens when you take a stand in life for what it is right and good . it is the classic story of the underdog who fights against overwhelming odds to help his fellow man .
on an isolated island a small group of people are terrorized by giant voracious shrews in the midst of a hurricane .
scientists investigate what appears to be a meteorite that crashes into the ocean . after a few days and nights of mysterious lights and noises a giant machine comes out of the ocean . the machine is the creation of an alien race that is trying to syphon energy from earth . a true classic in that it is so different from anything in the time period . to this day nothing else has come out like it .
a disfigured violinist haunts the paris opera house .
in the near future a police officer specializes in malfunctioning robots . when a robot turns out to have been programmed to kill he begins to uncover a homicidal plot to create killer robots ... and his son becomes a target .
a high school student 's slumber party turns terrifying as an escaped mental patient with a drill decides to crash the party .
courtney bates the younger sister of valerie and her friends go to their condo for a weekend getaway but courtney can 't get rid of the haunting feeling that a supernatural rockabilly driller killer is coming to murder them all .
after a hard day of volleyball at the beach a teen whose parents are away decides to have a slumber party with her girlfriends . their boyfriends predictably show up to scare them but a stranger from the beach is also seen lurking around the house . soon the group begins experiencing an attrition problem .
a little girl 's brother kills the whole family but her (she escapes by hiding in the basement ). he is committed and she grows up with a new family eventually going to college where she joins a sorority . due to a memory block she doesn 't remember that the sorority house was her childhood house . her brother senses her presence in the house and escapes so he can finish the job he was unable to complete .
five college women buy the old hokstedter place for their new sorority house . they got it cheap because of the bloody incidents from five years before . they decide to stay in it for the night so they can meet the movers in the morning but begin to get the creeps when the weird neighbor orville ketchum starts poking around . shortly after the women take showers and consult a ouija board they begin experiencing an attrition problem .
a frustrated african -american tv writer proposes a blackface minstrel show in protest but to his chagrin it becomes a hit .
a group of young teens is unexpectedly sent to the mysterious digital world and paired up with their own powerful morphing monster called the digimon . together the entire group set out on an adventure to fight evil and save the world .
years ago jack carter left his seattle home to become a las vegas mob casino financial enforcer . he returns for the funeral of his brother richard 'richie' after a car crash during a storm atypical of the careful house -father. talking to the widow daughter doreen and enigmatic geraldine jack suspects it was murder . cliff brumby whose club richie ran is financially linked to porn and prostitution baron cyrus paice who claims to be just a front -man for itc tycoon jeremy kinnear . someone hired goon thorpey to make jack return to las vegas . there jack 's partner les fletcher is restless apparently about their boss con mccarty whose wife had an affair with jack . someone breaks into richie 's home looking for a crucial cd .
years ago jack carter left his seattle home to become a las vegas mob casino financial enforcer . he returns for the funeral of his brother richard 'richie' after a car crash during a storm atypical of the careful house -father. talking to the widow daughter doreen and enigmatic geraldine jack suspects it was murder . cliff brumby whose club richie ran is financially linked to porn and prostitution baron cyrus paice who claims to be just a front -man for itc tycoon jeremy kinnear . someone hired goon thorpey to make jack return to las vegas . there jack 's partner les fletcher is restless apparently about their boss con mccarty whose wife had an affair with jack . someone breaks into richie 's home looking for a crucial cd .
a jewish male nurse plans to ask his live -in girl friend to marry him . however he learns that her strict father expects to be asked for his daughter 's hand before she can accept . thus begins the visit from hell as the two travel to meet mom and dad who turns out to be former cia with a lie detector in the basement . coincidentally a sister also has announced her wedding to a young doctor . of course everything that can go wrong does including the disappearance of dad 's beloved himalayan cat jinxie .
sara goldfarb (ellen burstyn ) is a retired widow living in a small apartment . she spends most of her time watching tv especially a particular self -help show . she has delusions of rising above her current dull existence by being a guest on that show . her son harry (jared leto ) is a junkie but along with his friend tyrone (marlon wayans ) has visions of making it big by becoming a drug dealer . harry 's girlfriend marion (jennifer connelly ) could be fashion designer or artist but is swept along in harry 's drug -centric world . meanwhile sara has developed an addiction of her own . she desperately wants to lose weight and so goes on a crash course involving popping pills pills which turn out to be very addictive and harmful to her mental state .
a group of recruits go through advanced infantry training at fort polk louisiana 's infamous tigerland last stop before vietnam for tens of thousands of young men in .
an unseen narrator looks back to on staten island when buddy an italian guy with big dreams buys a house planning to live upstairs with his wife estelle and run a bar downstairs . the first problem is estelle 's lack of confidence in buddy . then irish tenants upstairs refuse to move and won 't pay rent ; plus the woman upstairs is about to have a baby . the next problem is the baby : once he 's born it 's clear his father was black . the irish guy splits ; buddy evicts mother and child then feels guilt and sets her up in a flat while she sorts out an adoption . estelle 's lack of faith the irish lass 's spirit buddy 's dream racial prejudice and the baby 's fate play out .
when her father inexplicably leaves a -year-old girl must venture into new york city to find a way to provide for her ailing mother and young brother .
as a high -end custom furniture maker jimmy is trying to raise wendy his smart yet manipulative -year-old daughter he has with donna and his darkness -obsessed teen daughter bonnie whom he had with his first wife a tart -tongued cocktail waitress claire . constantly trying to prove to all these women that he does indeed love them - despite his penchant for stupid hormonally -inspired remarks - things only become more complicated when bonnie says she wants to live with him and donna . jimmy finally gets a break with the birth of his newest baby - it 's a boy ! jimmy 's joy over having an ally in the house is euphoric ...even if father and son are still physically outnumbered - and more importantly psychologically outwitted .
a group of catholics go to a mental institution to perform exorcism in the murderer george viznik . father lareaux deacon john townsend father frank pageand the teacher maya larkin who ...
ex -green beret hapkido expert saves wild horses from being slaughtered for dog food and helps protect a desert "freedom school " for runaway .
professor david ash is invited to edbrook to calm the fears of the elderly nanny of the mariell family . nanny tess is seeing things and ash 's book debunking such phenomenon makes him a good choice to set her mind at ease and convince her she is just tired and stressed . but soon after arriving david too begins to doubt his senses and watching the odd behavior of the three grown mariell children doesn 't make his task any easier . in fact he begins to think nanny tess isn 't really just tired and stressed out after all .
a young man and his girlfriend move into an old mansion home where he becomes possessed by a desire to control ancient demons .
ghoulies ii picks up a short time after the first movie a few of the little nasties stow away on an amusement park ride and bring big bucks to a dying fair . the creatures are mad after an attempt to kill them so the creatures go on a rampage through the fairgrounds ultimately leading to an explosive conclusion !
majestic mountains are in the background and a waterfall in the foreground . is that a canoe on the river ? no it 's a cradle with a baby . the buoyant molly brown has survived the first crisis of her life -- a flood . sixteen years later she sets out to make her way in the world . can she sing and play the piano ? she assures the leadville saloon keeper that she can and learns quickly . soon she is the bride of johnny brown who in a few years will be able to replace the original cigar wrapper wedding ring with a replica in gold and gemstones . but it takes more than a few million dollars to be accepted by denver society . the browns head for europe and bring a few crowned heads back to denver for a party that turns into a ballroom brawl . molly goes to europe alone returning on the titanic . she didn 't survive a flood as a baby for the story to end here .
two stories . the wind in the willows : concise version of kenneth grahame 's story of the same name . j . thaddeus toad owner of toad hall is prone to fads such as the newfangled motor car . this desire for the very latest lands him in much trouble with the wrong crowd and it is up to his friends mole rat and badger to save him from himself . - the legend of sleepy hollow : retelling of washington irving 's story set in a tiny new england town . ichabod crane the new schoolmaster falls for the town beauty katrina van tassel and the town bully brom bones decides that he is a little too successful and needs "convincing" that katrina is not for him .
a ruthless domineering woman is married to an alcoholic d .a. her childhood companion and the only living witness to her murder of her rich aunt seventeen years earlier .
in flashback new york nightclub pianist al roberts hitchhikes to hollywood to join his girl sue . on a rainy night the sleazy gambler he 's riding with mysteriously dies ; afraid of the police roberts takes the man 's identity . but thanks to a blackmailing dame roberts ' every move plunges him deeper into trouble ...
county durham during the endless violent strike against the thatcher closure of british coal mines . widower jackie elliot and his firstborn fellow miner tony take a dim view of year -old second son billy 's poor record in boxing class which worsens when they discover he sneakily transferred to the neighboring otherwise girls -only-attended ballet class . only one schoolmate closet -gay michael caffrey encourages billy 's desire aroused by the teacher who judged him talented enough for private lesson to train and try out for the world -renowned royal ballet audition . only the prospect of a fancy career unimagined in the pauper quarter may twist pa and big brother 's opposition to indispensable support .
hopeless dweeb elliot richards is granted wishes by the devil to snare allison the girl of his dreams in exchange for his soul .
young trevor mckinney troubled by his mother 's alcoholism and fears of his abusive but absent father is caught up by an intriguing assignment from his new social studies teacher mr . simonet . the assignment : think of something to change the world and put it into action . trevor conjures the notion of paying a favor not back but forward --repaying good deeds not with payback but with new good deeds done to three new people . trevor 's efforts to make good on his idea bring a revolution not only in the lives of himself his mother and his physically and emotionally scarred teacher but in those of an ever -widening circle of people completely unknown to him .
a young girl and a group of children discover that an abandoned house contains a wondrous nature to it .
the original crime -solving series private eyes is a -episode procedural drama that follows ex -pro hockey player matt shade (jason priestley ) who irrevocably changes his life when he ...
returning home with his father after a shopping expedition wong fei -hong is unwittingly caught up in the battle between foreigners who wish to export ancient chinese artifacts and loyalists who don 't want the pieces to leave the country . fei -hong has learned a style of fighting called "drunken boxing " which makes him a dangerous person to cross . unfortunately his father is opposed to his engaging in any kind of fighting let alone drunken boxing . consequently fei -hong not only has to fight against the foreigners but he must overcome his father 's antagonism as well .
to cash in on all of the "real world " hype of the events in the first film a man from burkitsville maryland opens a "blair witch hunt " tour which shows patrons various locations from the original film . a bunch of college students decide to take the tour and wind up in rustin parr 's house . there they decide to camp for the evening but in the morning they realize they didn 't sleep and they don 't remember anything that happened the previous night . from there they go back to town and discover that something ...or someone has come with them .
winter : harrisburg pa 's celebrity weatherman russ richards is broke : he 's borrowed heavily to open a snowmobile dealership and it 's still unseasonably warm . gig his seedy pal advises him to run an insurance scam ; when it goes awry russ is out another and in trouble with dale a bat -wielding thug . gig convinces russ to rig the state lottery with the help of crystal a gold -digging ditz with a heart of tin . they have to find a beard to buy the ticket and then they have to cash it . soon murder and various double -crosses add to russ 's nightmare . a lazy cop zeroes in . jail is closer than riches . will russ have to choose between his money and his life ?
a sports photographer in rural canada sends a picture of a high school athlete tina menzhal to a montral fashion agency . this starts tina on a career taking her from canada to paris to montral again to manhattan to the world and then home through two boyfriends two husbands and innumerable tv interviews either with nasty smiling scandalmongers or with gushing witless twits . in nearly every case tina never gets to finish a sentence . she has a suave agent paparazzi are everywhere ("what the celebs forget there 's always a camera " says one ) and a documentary filmmaker is on hand as well . what is it that tina thinks feels and wants : will we ever find out ?
three women detectives with a mysterious boss retrieve stolen voice -id software using martial arts tech skills and sex appeal .
a disillusioned war veteran captain rannulph junah reluctantly agrees to play a game of golf . he finds the game futile until his caddy bagger vance teaches him the secret of the authentic golf stroke which turns out also to be the secret to mastering any challenge and finding meaning in life .
when somebody 's mother is an angel and his father is the devil life can be really confusing . for a sweet boy like little nicky it just got a whole lot worse . his two evil brothers adrian and cassius have just escaped from hell and are wreaking havoc on an unsuspecting earth . his dad is disintegrating and it 's up to nicky to save him and all of a humanity by midnight before one of his brothers becomes the new satan .
the story ultimately revolves around two "men of honor "; their relationship their individual and joint failures and triumphs . carl brashear is determined to be the first african american navy diver in a time where racism is rife . leslie sunday is his embittered trainer determined to see him fail . fate challenges and circumstances eventually draw these two men together in a tale of turbulence and ultimately triumph .
in the near future earth is dying . a new colony on mars could be humanity 's only hope . a team of american astronauts each a specialist in a different field is making the first manned expedition to the red planet and must struggle to overcome the differences in their personalities backgrounds and ideologies for the overall good of the mission . when their equipment suffers life -threatening damage and the crew must depend on one another for survival on the hostile surface of mars their doubts fears and questions about god man 's destiny and the nature of the universe become defining elements in their fates . in this alien environment they must come face to face with their most human selves .
adult siblings sammy prescott and terry prescott have had a special bond with each other since they were kids when their parents were tragically killed in a car accident . that bond is why single mom sammy who still lives in the family home in scottsville upstate new york with her eight year old son rudy is excited to hear that terry who she has not seen or heard from in a while is coming home for a visit . that excitement is dampened slightly upon terry 's arrival when she learns that he broke is only there to borrow money . as adults sammy who works as a lending officer in the local bank is seen as the responsible sibling while unfocused terry is seen as the irresponsible drifter . regardless sammy welcomes what ends up being terry 's longer than planned visit if only so that he can help take care of rudy who has no adult male figure in his life . rudy has never known his deadbeat biological father with whom sammy wants nothing to do . as terry - acting as the supposed adult male role model figure - gets to know rudy and as sammy deals with the issues in her life which includes figuring out what her relationship to longtime friend /lover bob steegerson means and how to deal with her straight -laced micro -managing new boss brian everett the maturity level between sammy and terry is not as far apart as it appears on the surface .
james bond 's mission is to find out who has been smuggling diamonds which are not re -appearing. he adopts another identity in the form of peter franks . he joins up with tiffany case and acts as if he is smuggling the diamonds but everyone is hungry for these diamonds . he also has to avoid mr . wint and mr . kidd the dangerous couple who does not leave anyone in their way . ernst stavro blofeld isn 't out of the question . he may have changed his looks but is he linked with the heist ? and if he is can bond finally defeat his ultimate enemy .
a german plot to kidnap winston churchill unfolds at the height of world war ii .
futuristic action about a man who meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world .
buddy (affleck) has just signed an airline in chicago as a big client but is ironically delayed at the airport waiting for a flight to la on that same airline . he meets fellow passenger greg who opts to be bumped even though it means missing an activity with his older son . when the flight gets resumed buddy thinks he 's doing a good deed by swapping tickets with greg so he can get home to his son . sadly the flight crashes . buddy conspires with his friend the ticket agent that night to take his name off the passenger list and put greg 's on . once he 's back in la his new client dictates that the company run a series of feel -good ads about the crash . buddy feels very hypocritical and completely loses it when the commercials win a cleo . after going through re -hab he decides he needs to check on greg 's widow . but he doesn 't plan on falling in love with her .
on the outskirts of whoville there lives a green revenge -seeking grinch who plans on ruining the christmas holiday for all of the citizens of the town .
the palestinian terrorist group black september holds israeli athletes hostage at the summer olympic games in munich .
wishes come true in rugrats in paris the movie and love makes its way into the hearts of those young old and overseas . chuckie 's dad chazz starts dating again and it 's chuckie 's wish to find a new mom . when stu pickles is summoned to reptarland an amazing new amusement park in paris to work on his reptar invention tommy chuckie angelica phil lil dil didi and the whole gang tag along to the city of romance . but the rugrats ' big adventure turns out to be more than glamour fashion and smelly cheese . chuckie learns that when it comes to princesses and potential mommies things are not always what they seem and for chazz finding the right woman can be difficult in any language . as the rugrats ' travels take them from the eiffel tower to notre dame and everywhere in between the world 's favorite babies learn new lessons about courage loyalty trust and above all true love .
cruella devil gets out of prison and goes after them darned puppies once more .
a woman provokes sensual awakenings in a group of adolescent boys .
the infamous writer the marquis de sade of century france is imprisoned at charenton insane asylum for unmentionable activities . he manages to befriend the young abb de coulmier who runs the asylum along with a beautiful laundress named madeline . things go terribly wrong when the abbe finds out that the marquis ' books are being secretly published . the emperor napoleon contemplates sending dr . royer -collard to oversee the asylum a man famed for his torturous punishments . it could mean the end of charenton and possibly the marquis himself .
a man learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident .
in century qing dynasty china a warrior gives his sword green destiny to his lover to deliver to safe keeping but it is stolen and the chase is on to find it . the search leads to the house of yu where the story takes on a whole different level .
the empire of izmer has long been a divided land . the mages - an elite group of magic -users - rule whilst the lowly commoners are powerless . izmer 's young empress savina wants equality and prosperity for all but the evil mage profion is plotting to depose her and establish his own rule . the empress possesses a scepter which controls izmer 's golden dragons . to challenge her rule profion must have the scepter and tricks the council of mages into believing savina is unfit to hold it . knowing that profion will bring death and destruction to izmer savina must find the legendary rod of savrille a mythical rod that has the power to control red dragons a species even mightier than the gold . enter two thieves ridley and snails who unwittingly become instrumental in savina 's search for the rod . joined by a feisty dwarf named elwood and helped by the empress 's expert tracker the elf norda the young heroes go in search of the rod of savrille . from the deadly maze of the thieves guild at antius to an elven village secret grotto and abandoned castles ridley and his band must outwit profion 's chief henchman damodar at every turn while back in izmer profion prepares to do battle with the empress . all depends on the rod but the outcome of the race to reach it first is far from certain and izmar 's very survival hangs in the balance .
alice hires a professional negotiator to obtain the release of her engineer husband who has been kidnapped by anti -government guerrillas in south america .
a climber must rescue his sister on top of one of the world 's biggest mountains .
with the rope around his neck and about to be hoisted off the ground nate is given a second chance to make things right . by the graciousness of a wandering bounty hunter nate is offered the opportunity to repay his debt while assisting his savior benjamin in capturing one of the west 's most notorious outlaws known as henry plummer .
eddie cusack is a chicago police officer about to bust some members of the comacho gang when the gang is shot up by a rival drug gang from the neighboring building led by tony luna . victor comacho is the only survivor of the comacho gang and his older brother luis who is the leader of the gang retaliates by killing luna 's family and kidnaps luna 's daughter diana . cusack must face tony luna and luis comacho alone because nobody on the police force is willing to help him since he was the only cop who broke the code of silence by testifying against a fellow cop who killed an unarmed teenager but cusack is not really alone . a police robot called "prowler" aides cusack as he takes down the gangs .
dusty crophopper is a little cropduster plane with a fear of heights and a crazy dream of being a racer . while his friends need convincing dusty gets the training he needs from skipper a veteran fighter and qualifies for the wings across the world race . in the event dusty finds competitors who soon learn that there is something special about this underdog as he is tested to his physical and emotional limits . in doing so dusty soon finds enemies and more importantly friends who are inspired by his dream . in the face of all obstacles the winner of this air race will be anyone 's guess .
jake and kristy briggs are newlyweds . being young they are perhaps a bit unprepared for the full reality of marriage and all that it (and their parents ) expect from them . do they want ...
james bond 's mission is to firstly organise the defection of a top soviet general . when the general is re -captured bond heads off to find why an ally of general koskov was sent to murder him . bond 's mission continues to take him to afghanistan where he must confront an arms dealer known as brad whitaker . everything eventually reveals its self to bond .
a long time ago far away on the planet of cybertron a war is being waged between the noble autobots (led by the wise optimus prime ) and the devious decepticons (commanded by the dreaded megatron ) for control over the allspark a mystical talisman that would grant unlimited power to whoever possesses it . the autobots managed to smuggle the allspark off the planet but megatron blasts off in search of it . he eventually tracks it to the planet of earth (circa ) but his reckless desire for power sends him right into the arctic ocean and the sheer cold forces him into a paralyzed state . his body is later found by captain archibald witwicky but before going into a comatose state megatron uses the last of his energy to engrave into the captain 's glasses a map showing the location of the allspark and to send a transmission to cybertron . megatron is then carried away aboard the captain 's ship . a century later captain witwicky 's grandson sam witwicky (nicknamed spike by his friends ) buys his first car . to his shock he discovers it to be bumblebee an autobot in disguise who is to protect spike who possesses the captain 's glasses and the map engraved on them . but bumblebee is not the only transformer to have arrived on earth - in the desert of qatar the decepticons blackout and scorponok attack a u .s. military base causing the pentagon to send their special sector seven agents to capture all "specimens of this alien race ." spike and his girlfriend mikaela find themselves in the midst of a grand battle between the autobots and the decepticons stretching from hoover dam all the way to los angeles . meanwhile deep inside hoover dam the cryogenically stored body of megatron awakens .
a young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider who takes the youth under his wing .
the biography of ron kovic . paralyzed in the vietnam war he becomes an anti -war and pro -human rights political activist after feeling betrayed by the country he fought for .
a rude contemptuous talk show host becomes overwhelmed by the hatred that surrounds his program just before it goes national .
a minor -league baseball player has to spend in thirty days in order to inherit however he 's not allowed to tell anyone about the deal .
turkish and his close friend /accomplice tommy get pulled into the world of match fixing by the notorious brick top . things get complicated when the boxer they had lined up gets badly beaten by pitt a 'pikey' ( slang for an irish gypsy )- who comes into the equation after turkish an unlicensed boxing promoter wants to buy a caravan off the irish gypsies . they then try to convince pitt not only to fight for them but to lose for them too . whilst all this is going on a huge diamond heist takes place and a fistful of motley characters enter the story including 'cousin avi ' 'boris the blade ' 'franky four fingers ' and 'bullet tooth tony '. things go from bad to worse as it all becomes about the money the guns and the damned dog !
steven gold is a stand -up comedian who is flat broke and has recently dropped out of medical school . he and several others work regularly at the gas station a new york comedy club . the wages are lousy and everybody hopes for the big break . lilah krytsick is housewife with an ambition to be a stand -up comedian however she doesnt seem to have the talent . steven takes her under his wings and teaches her the art of comedy and humour . but when a tv station arranges a comedy evening at the club steve sees his opportunity for fame and stardom . their friendship seems quickly forgotten and now it 's every man and woman for him - or herself !
a woman and her daughter open a chocolate shop in a small french village that shakes up the rigid morality of the community .
nick a somewhat chauvinistic advertising exec hot shot has his life turned haywire when a fluke accident enables him to hear what women think . at first all he wants to do is rid himself of this curse until a wacky psychologist shows him that this could be used to his advantage ! his first target is darcy mcguire the very woman that got the promotion he wanted . but just as his plan is beginning to work love gets in the way ...
a young writing prodigy finds a mentor in a reclusive author .
what would you do if you came home and found your wife dead ? do you call the cops ? her parents ? that 's where the true nightmare begins . a story of love . a man and a woman 's final night together .
episodic look at the life of cuban poet and novelist reinaldo arenas from his childhood in oriente province to his death in new york city . he joins castro 's rebels . by he is in havana . he meets the wealthy pepe an early lover ; a love -hate relationship lasts for years . openly gay behavior is a way to spite the government . his writing and homosexuality get him into trouble : he spends two years in prison writing letters for other inmates and smuggling out a novel . he befriends lzaro gomes garriles with whom he lives stateless and in poverty in manhattan after leaving cuba in the mariel boat -lift. when asked why he writes he replies cheerfully "revenge."
a man is marooned on an island after his plane crashes into the ocean . far away from home his girlfriend and any human contact he engages in a battle of wits with himself as he is tested mentally physically and emotionally in order to survive .
a comedy series centered around community pillar todd becker who at night heads up a bickering gang of burglars .
a woman risks losing her chance of happiness with the only man she has ever loved .
undercover fbi agent gracie hart shows no signs of having any femininity in her demeanor or appearance . generally a bright and capable agent she is in trouble at work when she makes an error in judgment in a case which results in a near disaster . as such one of her by -the-books colleagues eric matthews who has never shown any inclination of thinking outside the box is assigned to lead the high profile case of a terrorist coined the citizen instead of her while she is facing possible disciplinary action . gracie pieces together the evidence to determine that the citizen 's next target will be the miss united states beauty pageant . the pageant represents everything that gracie abhors . despite gracie 's mannish demeanor eric with no other undercover female agent remotely fitting the demographic assigns her to go undercover as a pageant contestant to see if she can flush out the citizen who is perhaps one of the other contestants . although the pageant administration led by former winner cathy morningside and long time host stan fields provide the fbi with access to the pageant cathy in particular is less than thrilled to have a non -credible gracie posing as a contestant which she feels will ruin the pageant . the fbi enlist the assistance of former pageant contestant coach victor melling who is facing his own disgrace associated with the pageant to do the near impossible task of transforming gracie not only into a woman but a credible beauty pageant contestant . as gracie proceeds in the transformation she gets to know the other contestants not only as potential criminals but also as real people . she also discovers that another sinister element is present at the pageant . she will do whatever it takes to quash that element and protect her new friends namely the other innocent contestants . but now displaying some femininity gracie begins to have more womanly feelings herself and in turn attracts the attention of men one in particular about who she is happy .
a team of police hunt down a villain .
tim a street criminal finds it hard to complete or even start the 'job' with his completely oblivious yet eager to help brother shane .
having left new hampshire over excessive demands by the locals the cast and crew of "the old mill " moves their movie shoot to a small town in vermont . however they soon discover that the old mill burned down in the star can 't keep his pants zipped the starlet won 't take her top off and the locals aren 't quite as easily conned as they appear .
in the millenium version of this classic gothic horror we find abraham van helsing (plummer) who has tangled with count dracula (butler) in the past working as an english antiques dealer . simon (miller) is a vampire hunter in training under his apprenticeship . van helsing and simon travel from london to new orleans to rescue van helsing 's daughter mary (waddell) from the family 's life long nemesis - dracula .
two young texas cowboys on the cusp of manhood ride into 's mexico in search of experience . what they find is a country as chaotic as it is beautiful as cruel and unfeeling as it is mysterious where death is a constant capricious companion .
a dramatization of the kennedy administration 's struggle to contain the cuban missile crisis in october .
an intertwined drama about the united states ' war on drugs seen through the eyes of a once conservative judge now newly -appointed drug czar his crack -addicted daughter two dea agents a jailed drug kingpin 's wife and a mexican cop who begins to question his boss 's motives .
a young ambitious claims assesor investigates a multi million dollar marine insurance fraud .
the filming of nosferatu is hampered by the fact that its star max schreck is taking the role of a vampire far more seriously than seems humanly possible .
a famous psychologist margaret ford decides to try to help one of her patients get out of a gambling debt . she visits the bar where mike to whom the debt is owed runs poker games . he convinces her to help him in a game : her assignment is to look for "tells" or give -away body language . what seems easy to her becomes much more complex .
in the depths of the 's annie is a fiery young orphan girl who must live in a miserable orphanage run by the tyrannical miss hannigan . her seemingly hopeless situation changes dramatically when she is selected to spend a short time at the residence of the wealthy munitions industrialist oliver warbucks . quickly she charms the hearts of the household staff and even the seemingly cold -hearted warbucks cannot help but learn to love this wonderful girl . he decides to help annie find her long lost parents by offering a reward if they would come to him and prove their identity . however miss hannigan her evil brother rooster and a female accomplice plan to impersonate those people to get the reward for themselves which put annie in great danger .
single mother goes away for the summer . the kids are first delighted but then find that mom has hired the sitter from hell to stay with them . when the sitter dies of a sudden coronary they deposit the body at a mortuary only to discover all their summer expense money was in her purse . the kids must find a way to survive the summer without mom or her money . this means actual work !
zack mayo is a young man who has signed up for navy aviation officer candidate school . he is a navy brat who has a bad attitude problem . gysgt foley is there to train and evaluate him and will clearly find zack wanting . zack meets paula a girl who has little beyond family and must decide what it is he wants to do with his life .
in rural pennsylvania an absentee father is reacquainted with his estranged teenage sons and they become intrigued with romanticized life of crime .
train with medical supplies and small u .s. army unit is heading through rocky mountains towards plagued fort humboldt . among its passengers are territory governor priest doctor and u .s. marshal with his prisoner john deakin . however nothing on that train is what it seems .
the story of a family of quakers in indiana in . their religous sect is strongly opposed to violence and war . it 's not easy for them to meet the rules of their religion in everyday life but when southern troops pass the area they are in real trouble . should they fight despite their peaceful attitide ?
the four and hour depiction of the historical and personal events surrounding and including the decisive american civil war battle features thousands of civil war re -enactors marching over the exact ground that the federal army and the army of north virginia fought on . the defense of the little round top and pickett 's charge are highlighted in the actual three day battle which is surrounded by the speeches of the commanding officers and the personal reflections of the fighting men . based upon the novel 'the killer angels '.
coming -of-age story set in the 's stars harvey keitel as a small -time hustler /dreamer recently widowed who tries his best to care for his two daughters -year-old sonya and -year-old greta while sonya 's rapid disulisionment with her father puts her at odds with him more times than nessessary .
this movie is the fictional story of computer programming genius milo hoffman after graduating from stanford and getting out into the competitive world of computer software . in his contemplation of where to begin his career he is contacted by gary winston whose character is loosely based on bill gates . winston is the ceo of a company called nurv and they are on the brink of completing the global communication 's system synapse . they need hoffman to help them meet their launch date so after much thought and with the full support of his girlfriend alice he accepts the job . tragedy soon after strikes and milo becomes suspicious of the company he has been wrapped up in . he learns that trusting anyone could be a mistake and that nothing is as it seems .
the governor of a mexican state is assassinated . soon after junior executive daryl chase 's life turns upside down : after he flags a huge transfer of funds from a mexican account as probably illegal he 's attacked in his apartment rescued by a cia agent finds his secretary shot dead and witnesses two cops get killed . he calls the cia guy who tells him to grab the next train to mexico . leaving manhattan daryl can 't shake a jive -talking street punk named freddy and soon he 's traded clothes with freddy to escape the police . within days his girlfriend his boss his client freddy the fbi and the dead governor 's dog are tangled in a web of deceit and danger . who 's who ?
sara wants to be a ballerina but her dreams are cut short by the sudden death of her mother . she moves in with her father who she has not seen for a long time . he lives on the other side of town in a predominantly black neighborhood . she gets transferred to a new school where she is one of the few white students there . she becomes friends with chenille and later falls in love with chenille 's brother derek .
alex a hit man tries to get out of the family business but his father won 't let him do so . while seeking the help of a therapist he meets a sexually charged -year-old woman with whom he falls in love .
a man a woman . one journey .
dallas housewife lurene hallett 's life revolves around the doings of jacqueline kennedy . she is devastated when president kennedy is shot a few hours after she sees him arrive at love field ...
rural louisiana summer of elvis is king . at dani is coming of age . her older sister is beautiful smart and off to duke in the fall ; her mom 's pregnant with number four (dad wants a son ) and dad 's pretty strict . life gets sweeter when -year-old court foster his widowed mom and two little brothers move into the vacant farm next door . court likes dani 's high spirits and direct way and though he has a man 's responsibilities on the farm they go off swimming sometimes . the waters of adolescence are deeper than dani realizes as hers and court 's feelings get jumbled . then mother nature throws wrenching surprises at dani and she must come to terms with new emotions .
sisters kat and daisy work along with jojo at the pizza parlour in mystic connecticut . kat shortly off to yale finds herself drawn to a local architect she is babysitting for while her more tearaway sister starts dating a guy from the money side of the tracks . jojo leaves her man at the altar ; she loves him but shies away from commitment . meanwhile the fame of the pizza continues to spread ; it seems to contain something almost ..... mystic .
a couple fall in love despite the girl 's pessimistic outlook . as they struggle to come to terms with their relationship something supernatural happens that tests it .
in this parody of blaxploitation movies a black hero wannabe reunites former black heroes from the to help him get revenge on mr . big .
caroline has not had much luck in love . boyfriends seem to either leave her or cheat on her . then she meets a shy introverted man at work named adam . when leaving work one day two men attack her . adam comes to her rescue . unfortunately retaliation by the attackers sends adam to the hospital where he finds out he has a diseased heart . adam is an orphan and was told he had a baboon 's heart . he refuses a transplant as he believes his love for caroline is contained in his damaged heart . before tragedy can strike they have a passionate but brief romance . adam opens up to caroline and he in turn heals her broken heart .
jack and diane were lovers two crazy kids living in the heartlands (gee and john mellencamp didn 't get any writing or soundtrack credits ). diane is the airheaded captain of the cheerleading squad who follows her through whatever she does . jack is of course the football team 's star quarterback . diane comes up pregnant and the two are thrown out of their homes . they move into an apartment where they try to live on jack 's part -time salary as a clerk at a video store . meanwhile both continue in school - cheerleading and quarterbacking . as diane realizes that they are not making it financially she recruits the other cheerleaders to help her rob a bank . their cheerleader oath of all for one commits them to helping her . they get guns from a local hood who gives them the weapons in exchange for putting his homely daughter on the cheerleading squad .
mary fiore is san francisco 's most successful supplier of romance and glamor . she knows all the tricks . she knows all the rules . but then she breaks the most important rule of all : she falls in love with the groom .
in at age phoebe is unhappy . when she was about her father died of leukemia ; her older sister faith became a political radical left for europe with her boyfriend wolf and commits suicide in portugal a year later . phoebe who has romantic ideas about both her father and faith decides to trace faith 's steps find wolf and learn what really happened . she finds wolf in paris and he tells her stories of faith 's radical activities including joining the red army in berlin . phoebe has visions of her sister seems close to madness and may be headed for suicide herself . it 's the trip to the cliffs of portugal that will make the difference : breakthrough or breakdown ?
when two beautiful women fall for the unluckiest guy in the world his life takes on delicious complications .
harry knew michel in high school ; they meet again by accident harry inserts himself in michel 's life ... and things take a sinister turn .
a series of short sketches most of which parody late -night television and the low -budget movies one often finds there . other skits include a man being attacked by his apartment a funeral hosted by classic comedians and a teen -age boy 's big night turning into a nightmare .
j .c. wiatt is a successful new york business woman known around town as the "tiger lady ." she gets news of an inheritance from a relative from another country and off the bat she suspects it 's money . well it 's not money it 's a baby girl . at first she doesn 't accept until the lady that gives the baby to her has to catch her flight . j .c. is now stuck with an annoying baby girl . her boyfriend doesn 't like the idea of a baby living with them and he leaves her . j .c. has enough of it and takes her to meet a family ready to adopt her . she leaves but hears the baby cry while walking away and has to go back . the baby is too attached to her now and won 't let her go . later her baby gets into mischief which causes her to get fired . now she sets her eyes on an old two story cottage in vermont to get out of the new york life . when she arrives the house needs more help than originally thought . she gets bored one snowy day and decides to make apple sauce . her baby loves it and she decides to sell it . pretty soon everyone wants some of the baby apple sauce . j .c. hits it big and falls in love with a local veterinarian . was this fate or destiny ?
frankie and annette having grown up and put aside their beach -partying lifestyle visit their daughter in southern california and discover there 's still some wild times left in them .
based on the life of successful poet charles bukowski and his exploits in hollywood during the and .
a series of strange robberies brings axel foley back to beverly hills to help his two fellow cops solve the case . all the familiar faces of the first film are back ...
a freewheeling detroit cop pursuing a murder investigation finds himself dealing with the very different culture of beverly hills .
set in new orleans . remy mcswain lieutenant in homicide finds that he has two problems the first of a series of gang killings and ann osborne a beautiful attorney from the d .a.'s police corruption task force in his office . he begins a relationship with her as the killings continue only to have charges filed against him for accepting bribes as he stumbles on a police corruption sting . while this is happening the criminals insist that none of the crime gangs are behind the killings .
big town was a long running and highly successful network radio series ) and film series ("i cover the underworld " "underworld after dark " and "underworld scandal ") before becoming a hit television series . shot in film -noir style the series focused on the exploits of steve wilson and the staff of 'the illustrated press ' newspaper as they reported on the important social issues of the day .
when a native -born american citizen of mexican descent is mistakenly deported to mexico he has to risk everything to get back home .
a group of dated appliances that find themselves stranded in a summer home that their family had just sold decide to la "the incredible journey " seek their young year old "master". children 's film which on the surface is a frivolous fantasy but with a dark subtext of abandonment obsolescence and loneliness .
ronald miller is tired of being a nerd and makes a deal with one of the most popular girls in school to help him break into the "cool" clique . he offers her a thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month . it succeeds but he soon learns that the price of popularity may be higher than he expected .
in the year a rich man travels to the ends of the earth to find that the perfect woman is always under his nose . when successful businessman sam treadwell finds that his android wife ...
donald woods is chief editor of the liberal newspaper daily dispatch in south africa . he has written several editorials critical of the views of steve biko . but after having met him for the first time he changes his opinion . they meet several times and this means that woods and his family get attention from the security police . when steve biko dies in police custody he writes a book about biko . the only way to get it published is for woods himself to illegally escape the country .
sheriff deputy rick grimes leads a group of survivors in a world overrun by the walking dead . fighting the dead fearing the living .
the film is set in a house occupied by a collection of social misfits . the main storyline is that of a strange musician 's relationship with a girl their drug use and his band . these events ...
after achieving fame with saturday night live and beverly hills cop eddie murphy released a film version of one of his live stand -up performances . he mainly focuses on the topics of divorce and relations between the sexes but also goes into some of the problems he 's encountered because of fame including offended listeners and fans who continually greet him with his unprintable catch phrases .
based on j . g . ballard 's autobiographical novel tells the story of a boy james graham whose privileged life is upturned by the japanese invasion of shanghai december . separated from his parents he is eventually captured and taken to soo chow confinement camp next to a captured chinese airfield . amidst the sickness and food shortages in the camp jim attempts to reconstruct his former life all the while bringing spirit and dignity to those around him .
a group of juvenile criminals is sent for vacation to kamp kikakee . the clumsy ernest has to care for them although he doesn 't even know how to take care of himself . the other children at ...
five twenty -something friends become holed up in a remote cabin . when they discover a book of the dead they unwittingly summon up dormant demons living in the nearby woods which possess the youngsters in succession until only one is left intact to fight for survival .
when they were kids texas ranger jack benteen used to be best friends with drug kingpin cash bailey . at present however the only element linking them together is jack 's girlfriend sarita who used to be with cash . she returns to cash as a voluntary hostage to make certain that jack keeps his hands off the drug lord 's operation . on top of that there is a meticulously planned drug bust in which both jack and cash butt heads with cia -funded paramilitary maj . paul hackett following his own agenda .
a psychotic young man returns to his old neighborhood after release from prison . he seeks out the woman he previously tried to rape and the man who protected her with twisted ideas of love for her and hate for him .
after the death of her husband a mother takes her kids off to live with their grandparents in a huge decrepit old mansion . however the kids are kept hidden in a room just below the attic visited only by the grandmother and their mother who becomes less and less concerned about them and their failing health and more concerned about herself and the inheritance she plans to win back from her dying father to the point of murder ...
a sergeant must deal with his desires to save the lives of young soldiers being sent to vietnam . continuously denied the chance to teach the soldiers about his experiences he settles for trying to help the son of an old army buddy .
two boys begin a silence strike to press their parents into buying them a television set .
a very successful stock broker is called to court to testify against a mob boss who was into some inside trading . they hide him because of death threats . he gets caught in a gun battle and has to flee . he ends up hiding out as a student in a high school . he has to adjust to how things have changed as a teenager . the bad guys find him and he has fight it out in the high school gym .
bobby taylor wants to be a respected actor . from sam spade to shakespeare to superheros he can do it all . he just has to convince hollywood that gangstas slaves and "eddie murphy -types" aren 't the sum of his talents .
a semi -autobiographical project by john boorman about a nine year old boy called bill as he grows up in london during the blitz of world war . for a young boy this time in history was more of an adventure a total upheaval of order restrictions and discipline . the liberating effect of the war on the women left behind . and the joy when hitler blows up your school .
tuck pendleton is a cocky pilot who is taking part in a miniaturization experiment . when some bad guys break into the lab to steal the technology one of the scientists takes a syringe which contains the miniaturized tuck and vessel . now in the vessel is part of the material needed to restore him . but the other part which is the lab is stolen . the scientist 's shot but before dying he injects tuck into jack putter a hypochondriac who feels that something is wrong with him all the time . when tuck links himself to jack 's systems he discovers that something happened . so they go back to the lab and discover what happened . now they are told that unless they retrieve the material that was stolen they won 't be able to restore tuck before his oxygen is depleted . now the government rep decides that the only thing that matters that as long as they have the other half of the material it is useless to the thieves . so tuck eggs jack to go out and find the thieves . they enlist the aid of tuck 's old girlfriend lydia who is a reporter . and it 's fortunate for them that she has a lead that pans out .
two terrible lounge singers get booked to play a gig in a moroccan hotel but somehow become pawns in an international power play between the cia the emir of ishtar and the rebels trying to overthrow his regime .
it 's a hot summer on amity island a small community whose main business is its beaches . when new sheriff martin brody discovers the remains of a shark attack victim his first inclination is to close the beaches to swimmers . this doesn 't sit well with mayor larry vaughn and several of the local businessmen . brody backs down to his regret as that weekend a young boy is killed by the predator . the dead boy 's mother puts out a bounty on the shark and amity is soon swamped with amateur hunters and fisherman hoping to cash in on the reward . a local fisherman with much experience hunting sharks quint offers to hunt down the creature for a hefty fee . soon quint brody and matt hooper from the oceanographic institute are at sea hunting the great white shark . as brody succinctly surmises after their first encounter with the creature they 're going to need a bigger boat .
clay an eighteen -year-old freshman comes back from his first term at a college in new hampshire to spend his christmas vacation with his broken -up wealthy family in los angeles . his former girlfriend blair is now involved with his ex -best-friend julian . she warns clay that julian needs help : he is using a lot of cocaine and has huge debts . what follows is a look at the youth culture of wealthy post adolescents in beverly hills with a strong anti -drug message . apart from the setting and the names the film has very little to do with bret easton ellis 's book by the same title on which it was based .
documentary feature film about the "lost" generation in present -day russia who were born in the grew up without any ruling ideology and who feel they are adrift in their own society .
spoiled jessie montgomery whose wild behavior and spending excesses cause her well -meaning but exasperated millionaire father charles to wish he never had her is visited by fairy godmother stella . in an effort to save jessie stella casts a spell which causes charles to no longer have a daughter . jessie now penniless and without a friend must take a maid 's job to earn a living and hopefully to learn her lesson ...
a reclusive scientist builds a robot that looks exactly like him to go on a long -term space mission . since the scientist seems to lack all emotions he is unable to program them into his automaton and an eccentric woman is hired to "educate" the robot on human behavior . in the end she falls in love ... but is the robot or the dr . mr . right ?
jonathan switcher is a young artist . he just doesn 't seem to last in any job he does . but when he builds a mannequin he makes it so perfect he falls in love with it . it is the first thing he has made that makes him feel like a real artist . the mannequin ends up in the window of a big department store . when he saves the life of an old lady who happens to be the owner of that store he is rewarded by getting a job at the store as stock boy . later the mannequin comes to life as emmy who was an ancient egyptian living in the year . the two redesign the window display to make it most eye catching in town . the store competitors are not happy and will do anything to stop them !
on the planet eternia the dark lord skeletor has taken over castle greyskull and imprisoned the sorceress and skeletor has begun draining the sorceress ' powers as he attempts to claim the powers of greyskull and become master of the universe . mighty warrior he -man the most powerful man in the universe and his companions : loyal soldier man -at-arms his daughter teela and a dwarf inventor named gwildor finds themselves on earth by gwildor 's creation the cosmic key a device that can open portals that lead to anywhere in the galaxy which skeletor requires in his goal for universal conquest . but when the cosmic key is discovered by julie winston and her boyfriend kevin corrigan both unaware that earth is about to become a battleground as skeletor and his vile minions arrives on earth as they go in pursuit of he -man and his companions who are searching for the cosmic key so they can return to eternia and defeat skeletor .
when trouble arises three monster wax figures come to life to battle evil .
five centuries ago a mural was created in a country church in the north of england and then hidden under layers of white paint . looking at it again will be a distraction the rev . mr . keach tells wwi veteran tom birken who will spend a month in the country restoring the mural . another veteran james moon is looking for the grave of an ancestor of the patroness of the church who fought in the crusades . the rector 's wife alice comes to see the mural and later visits birken 's bell tower abode bringing a basket of apples . will she open the book in which he has pressed the yellow rose she gave him earlier ?
after various skirmishes two wounded soldiers one bosnian and one serb confront each other in a trench in the no man 's land between their lines . they wait for dark trading insults and even finding some common ground ; sometimes one has the gun sometimes the other sometimes both . things get complicated when another wounded bosnian comes to but can 't move because a bouncing mine is beneath him . the two men cooperate to wave white flags their lines call the un (whose high command tries not to help ) an english reporter shows up a french sergeant shows courage and the three men in no man 's land may or may not find a way to all get along .
before entering art school rick kane sets out to surf the big wave season on the north shore of oahu hawaii after winning a surfing contest in an arizona wave pool by his home . once in hawaii he immediately finds out that he knows nothing about the local habits customs or pecking order which cause him some starting problems . after being robbed by the local surf gang he has a chance meeting with famous surfboard shaper chandler and after figuring out they have an artistic connection chandler offers rick a place to sleep and something to eat . chandler teaches him how to "read" the big waves and the difference between 'soul surfers ' and those who surf for fame and money . he also manages to get the attention of a beautiful young native which further stirs the pot with the "locals" but in the end gives him the courage and determination to take what he has learned from chandler and surf the big waves like he had dreamed he could .
amanda pierce is from iowa and works as a restorer of renaissance paintings for the new york metropolitan museum . she has just finished another frustrating relationship when she found her boy -friend with a model on her bed . she decides to move and share a flat with four stupid but nice super -models. she meets jim winston who lives in front of her window . she falls in love with him . one day she sees jim killing a woman - megan o 'brien - through her window and amanda and her four roommates decide to investigate what really happened .
a small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction .
five women are stalked by an unknown assailant while preparing for valentine 's day .
set in hong kong chow mo -wan is a newspaper editor who moves into a new building with his wife . at the same time su li -zhen a beautiful secretary and her executive husband also move in to the crowded building . with their spouses often away chow and li -zhen spend most of their time together as friends . they have everything in common from noodle shops to martial arts . soon they are shocked to discover that their spouses are having an affair . hurt and angry they find comfort in their growing friendship even as they resolve not to be like their unfaithful mates .
the million dollar hotel follows the supposed murder of izzy goldkiss . fbi agent skinner is sent into investigate the crime and to weed out the killer . when he reaches the 'hotel' he comes across many of the forgotten types of people living in the city . you have geronimo who is a self proclaimed native american artist . dixie played with great gusto by peter stormare as the 'fifth' beetle that is still waiting for his royalty payments as well as recognition . eloise who is the neighborhood 'whore'. and then there is tom -tom played by jeremy davies . he 's the center of the story being that he 's the 'village idiot ' of the bunch and has the trust of everyone in the hotel . agent skinner has a few days to find out who the killer is while the residents of the hotel devise a scheme to sell off izzy 's fabled 'tar paintings '.
living in exile hannibal lecter tries to reconnect with now disgraced fbi agent clarice starling and finds himself a target for revenge from a powerful victim .
two dim -witted former high school buddys and neil diamond fanactics wayne and j .d. plot to keep their friend darren from marrying the wrong woman a domineering and spiteful psychologist named judith by kidnapping her and trying to set darren up with his old high school girlfriend sandy who plans to become a nun .
three men three women opposites possibilities and tastes . castella owns a industrial steel barrel plant in rouen ; bruno is his flute -playing driver franck is his temporary bodyguard while he negotiates a contract with iranians his wife anglique does frou -frou interior decorating and loves her dog . the conventional castella hires a forty -year-old actress clara to tutor him in english and he finds her and her bohemian lifestyle fascinating . is this love ? what would she say if he declared himself ? through bruno franck meets manie a barmaid who deals hash . they begin an affair . are they in love ? they joke about marriage . as the women hold back the men must make decisions .
it seems everyone is trying to get into heaven ; at least those whose time is up . for lance barton a struggling comedian and bicycle messenger it 's the last thing on his mind . his due date upstairs is years away . in the meantime he 's got big dreams to pursue on earth such as landing a slot at the final amateur night contest at the famed apollo theatre . lance 's has one little problem though - he ain 't that funny . thanks to an over -cautious emissary from heaven mr . keyes he 's going to get hit (literally) with a much bigger problem . showing that even god has difficulty finding good help these days the inept minion mistakenly plucks lance from a traffic accident - before it takes place . transporting him to the pearly gates or more accurately the velvet roped -lines of the hottest club around the error is finally addressed by mr . king the streetwise no -nonsense head angel who manages the place from his plush windowed office . since returning to his own body on earth is impossible the urban dwelling lance reluctantly agrees to a normally unthinkable proposal . he 'll occupy the body of a wealthy old white mogul charles wellington until a more suitable body can be found . strangely enough in a park avenue penthouse servants and butlers become his new homeys as lance works on his streetwise comedy routine for the big apollo showdown . living in the body of a callous old white man would be bizarre enough for lance without falling in love with sontee the beautiful woman publicly battling wellington 's company at the same time . and if that wasn 't enough he 's got to deal with the love affair between wellington 's wife and his personal assistant and their plot to have him killed . can reincarnation lead to self discovery true love and a better stand up routine ? lance barton is about to find out .
the story centers around a man and a woman whose fates are intertwined and will change forever . nelson is an avid advertiser living in san francisco . one day during a driving test he meets sara a beautiful but seemingly eccentric woman . but she is falsely accused of cheating and ends up failing the test because of nelson . after getting kicked out of the exam sara waits for him outside and starts to insult him . however nelson ignores her and takes off . then she traces him down and shows up at his place . she promises to leave him alone only if he gives her a ride . later that night she asks him to live with her throughout november on the promise that his life will change for the better . he turns her down saying that he has a girlfriend . on the first day of november after being fired and dumped on the very same day nelson decides to give it a try and then somehow agrees to spend the whole month with sara and finds himself in a desperate love affair that he will remember for the rest of his life .
a high school teacher in the becomes an international spy and becomes involved in a plot to overthrow fidel castro .
in a coma stu miley a cartoonist who created a comic strip called monkeybone which features a rascal monkey . he finds himself trapped within his own underground creation and must find a way to get back while racing against his popular but treacherous character monkeybone . naturally monkeybone himself is there and he and stu quickly start fighting like cats and dogs . when stu realizes that his sister due to a pact they once made is preparing to pull the plug on him stu makes a deal with hypnos the god of sleep to help him steal a golden ticket from death himself . but when monkeybone takes over stu 's body and escapes to wreak havoc on the real world stu has to find a way to stop him before his sister pulls the plug on reality forever !
it was an ingenious enough plan : rob the riviera casino 's count room during an elvis impersonator convention . but thomas murphy decided to keep all the money for himself and shot all his partners including recently -freed ex -con michael zane . with million at stake the marshals service closing in and single mom cybil waingrow and her son jesse constantly confounding things michael must track down murphy .
jerry welbach is given two ultimatums . his mob boss wants him to travel to mexico to get a priceless antique pistol called "the mexican " or he will suffer the consequences . the other ultimatum comes from his girlfriend samantha who wants him to end his association with the mob . jerry figures that being alive although in trouble with his girlfriend is the better alternative so he heads south of the border . finding the pistol is easy but getting it home is a whole other matter . the pistol supposedly carries a curse - a curse jerry is given every reason to believe especially when samantha is held hostage by the gay hit man leroy to ensure the safe return of the pistol .
a drug sniffing agent canine is a target for an assassin boss so the fbi calls witness protection to send him somewhere else . meanwhile a single mom puts her year old boy james in the care of her irresponsible mailman neighbor gordon when the babysitter bails on her . meanwhile an assassin mob boss hires goons to kill agent . but when escapes from the van when they tried to kill him he hides in gordon 's mailtruck that james is in too . and guess what they name him . spot .
ever seen the show "survivor" and wished they would just start killing each other ?? series literally gives its contestants the guns . the film is not merely a satire on reality tv . it is an example of just how far people will shamelessly go for fame . contenders are pitted against each other in a no holds barred kill or be killed contest . the reigning champ is dawn a hard -nosed mother -to-be. we go back and forth between dawn and the other contenders to see if someone can dethrone dawn and become the new champion . what is the prize ? how are the contestants picked ? these questions are not as important as asking yourself how shameless has our society become ?
when eastern european criminals oleg and emil come to new york city to pick up their share of a heist score oleg steals a video camera and starts filming their activities both legal and illegal . when they learn how the american media circus can make a remorseless killer look like the victim and make them rich they target media -savvy nypd homicide detective eddie flemming and media -naive fdny fire marshal jordy warsaw the cops investigating their murder and torching of their former criminal partner filming everything to sell to the local tabloid tv show "top story ."
when berke landers a popular high school basketball star gets dumped by his life -long girlfriend allison he soon begins to lose it . but with the help of his best friend felix 's sister kelly he follows his ex into the school 's spring musical . thus endues a love triangle loosely based upon shakespeare 's "a midsummer night 's dream " where berke is only to find himself getting over allison and beginning to fall for kelly .
in a small town hosts the british hairdressing championship where a former -time winner his son his run -away wife and his runaway wife 's lady lover reside (not all on speaking terms ).
a teacher meets a woman who turns out to be a thief and they introduce each other to new things .
in a future world young people are increasingly becoming addicted to an illegal (and potentially deadly ) battle simulation game called avalon . when ash a star player hears of rumors that ...
after doctors inform him that an eye affliction will require risky surgery monologist spalding gray recounts his various pursuits for alternative medicine to avoid the doctor 's scalpel .
the year is . the small english village of st . mary mead home to miss jane marple is delighted when a big american movie company arrives to make a movie telling of the relationship between jane grey and elisabeth i starring the famous actresses marina rudd and lola brewster . marina arrives with her husband jason and when she discovers that lola is going to be in the movie with her she hits the roof as lola and marina loathe each other on sight . marina has been getting death threats and at a party at the manor house heather babcock after boring marina with a long story drinks a cocktail made for marina and dies from poisoning . everybody believes that marina is the target but the police officer investigating the case inspector craddock isn 't sure so he asks miss marple his aunt to investigate ...
two drifters one a gentle but slow giant try to make money working the fields during the depression so they can fulfill their dreams .
the life of a boy in the streets of sao paulo involved with little crimes prostitution etc
jenny is sent to a women 's reform school . it is run by evil warden sutter and her henchwoman edna . jenny will stop at nothing to escape but she also has to deal with charlie the bully .
after being fired from their jobs as security guards josh and ivan form video aces a video production company . using josh 's talent and ivan 's business savvy they attempt to hit it big in the business while doing projects they want to do . among those whose paths cross with theirs are norman mart an extremely right -wing presidential candidate ; samantha gregory a scheming music reporter ; and mo fuzz a producer willing to give them a chance or three if they 'll work on spec .
after serving time for murder josh hutton returns to his home town where me meets audry hugo . no one can remember exactly what josh did but they are all wary of him especially audry 's father .
an episcopal bishop henry brougham has been working for months on the plans for an elaborate new cathedral which he hopes will be paid for primarily by a wealthy stubborn widow . he is losing sight of his family and of why he became a churchman in the first place . enter dudley an angel sent to help him . dudley does help everyone he meets but not necessarily in the way they would have preferred . with the exception of henry everyone loves him but henry begins to believe that dudley is there to replace him both at work and in his family 's affections as christmas approaches .
a chronicle of the life of elvis presley (rhys meyers ) from his humble beginnings to his rise to international stardom .
a short film about a salesman who becomes addicted to fortunes and finds himself unable to complete a sale unless he gets a good fortune from a cookie .
homer smith an unemployed construction worker heading out west stops at a remote farm in the desert to get water when his car overheats . the farm is being worked by a group of east european catholic nuns headed by the strict mother maria who believes that homer has been sent by god to build a much -needed church in the desert ...
a completely fabricated biography of the famous danish fairytale writer hans christian andersen featuring several of his stories and a ballet performance of "the little mermaid ".
my god my god why hast thou forsaken me ? it is towards this climactic crossroads that the story of jesus of nazareth leads and to which at the final moment it again looks back in triumphant retrospect . it is the anguishing crossroads where the eternal questions of faith and doubt become resolved .
elmer gantry is a fast talking hard drinking traveling salesman who always has a risqu story and a hip flask to entertain cronies and customers alike . he is immediately taken with sister sharon falconer a lay preacher whose hellfire and damnation revivalism has attracted quite a following . gantry uses his own quick wit and knowledge of the bible to become an indispensable part of sister sharon 's roadshow but soon finds that his past catches up with him in the form of lulu bains now a prostitute . while gantry seeks and eventually gets forgiveness from sharon tragedy strikes when she finally manages to get out of her revivalist tent and opens a permanent church .
a cockney womanizer learns the hard way about the dangers of his actions .
'nancy franklin ' was so overwhelmed by the film 'i know where i 'm going !' that she traveled from new york to the western isles of scotland to see the places where it was made and to find out more about the people who made it . this documentary retraces her steps on a subsequent visit .
doctors are being murdered in a bizarre manner : bats bees killer frog masks etc . which represent the nine biblical plagues . the crimes are orchestrated by a demented organ player with the help of his mute assistant . the detective is stumped until he finds that all of the doctors being killed assisted a dr . vesalius on an unsuccessful operation involving the wife of dr . phibes but he couldn 't be the culprit could he ? he was killed in a car crash upon learning of his wife 's death ...
a pushy narcissistic filmmaker persuades a phoenix family to let him and his crew film their everyday lives in the manner of the ground -breaking pbs series "an american family ". however instead of remaining unobtrusive and letting the family be themselves he can 't keep himself from trying to control every facet of their lives "for the good of the show ".
shad a young farmer assembles a band of diverse mercenaries in outer space to defend his peaceful planet from the evil tyrant sador and his armada of aggressors . among the mercenaries are space cowboy a spacegoing truck driver from earth ; gelt a wealthy but experienced assassin looking for a place to hide ; and saint -exmin a valkyrie warrior looking to prove herself in battle .
twin brothers are separated when their parents are murdered but years later they re -unite in order to avenge their parents ' death .
after elizabeth will and captain barbossa rescue captain jack sparrow from the the land of the dead they must face their foes davy jones and lord cutler beckett . beckett now with control of jones ' heart forms a dark alliance with him in order to rule the seas and wipe out the last of the pirates . now jack barbossa will elizabeth tia dalma and crew must call the pirate lords from the four corners of the globe including the infamous sao feng to gathering . the pirate lords want to release the goddess calypso davy jones 's damned lover from the trap they sent her to out of fear in which the pirate lords must combine the pieces that bound her by ritual to undo it and release her in hopes that she will help them fight . with this all pirates will stand together and will make their final stand for freedom against beckett jones norrington the flying dutchman and the entire east india trading company .
the tough biker harley and his no less tough cowboy friend marlboro learn that an old friend of theirs will lose his bar because a bank wants to build a new complex there and demands million dollars for a new contract in advance . harley and marlboro decide to help him by robbing the corrupt bank . they rob the bank transport and get hold of an amount of a new synthetic drug . now they are targeted by criminal bankers .
an unconventional single mother relocates with her two daughters to a small massachusetts town in where a number of events and relationships both challenge and strengthen their familial bonds .
while rescuing an american air crew captured by mid -eastern terrorists lieutenant curran and his team of navy seals discover evidence that the terrorists have come into possession of dangerous high -tech weapons .
axl wants to find his long -lost father and rediscover his past . vera just wants to forget hers as she tries to move on from heartbreak . their stories come together in the melting -pot of century london .
former fbi profiler will graham returns to service to pursue a deranged serial murderer named "the tooth fairy " by the media .
wealthy sunny von blow lies brain -dead husband claus guilty of attempted murder ; but he says he 's innocent and hires alan dershowitz for his appeal .
as hercule poirot enjoys a luxurious cruise down the nile a newlywed heiress is found murdered on board . can poirot identify the killer before the ship reaches the end of its journey ?
the crew of an experimental underwater nuclear base are forced to struggle for their lives when their explorations disturb a creature who threatens to destroy their base .
at adams college a group of bullied outcasts and misfits resolve to fight back for their peace and self -respect.
get out your white socks ! this time our suave college heroes hit the road for fun and fraternity in florida . another opportunity for brains to triumph over brawn . how can the girls possibly resist their geeky charms ?
perhaps the first film to put a human face on the aids epidemic longtime companion follows the lives of a small circle of friends from the first mention of the disease in the new york times in . first referred to as "gay-related-immune-disorder" we watch the effect of the disease as it devastates the lives of our protagonists . jumping between manhattan and fire island vignettes carry us from the it -couldn't-happen-to-me mentality of the early days of the disease to the invasive effect it has had on all of our lives today . the title of the film comes from the new york times ' refusal to acknowledge homosexual relationships in their obituary section during this period . instead survivors were referred to as "longtime companions " of the deceased .
this film recounts the people and events leading up to the one of the most despicable hate -crimes during the height of the civil -rights movement the bombing of the street church in birmingham alabama . in that attack four little african -american girls lost their lives and a nation was simultaneously revolted angered and galvanized to push the fight for equality and justice on .
a group of high school friends must come to terms with the fact that one of them samson killed another jamie . reactions vary as layne is intent on protecting samson and smuggling him out of the state while others think it 's best to go to the police . matt 's tough little brother also finds out about the body and no one knows quite how the police will learn about the murder or who will be blamed for it .
janey is new in town and soon meets lynne who shares her passion for dancing in general and "dance tv " in particular . when a competition is announced to find a new dance tv regular ...
paul "wrecking" crewe was a revered football superstar back in his day but that time has since faded . but when a messy drunk driving incident lands him in jail paul finds he was specifically requested by warden hazen (james cromwell ) a duplicitous prison official well aware of paul 's athletic skills . paul has been assigned the task of assembling a team of convicts to square off in a big football game against the sadistic guards . with the help of fellow convict caretaker and an old legend named nate scarborough to coach crewe is ready for what promises to be a very interesting game . it 's only the warden and the guards who have no idea who or what they 're up against with paul the driving force behind the new team .
due to ncaa sanctions the texas state university fightin ' armadillos must form a football team from their actual student body with no scholarships to help to play their football schedule ...
a bizarre series of murders in new york city seems to point toward the existence of a race of mutant cannibals living under the streets .
in world war ii the fall of stalingrad will mean the collapse of the whole country . the germans and russians are fighting over every block leaving only ruins behind . the russian sniper vassili zaitsev stalks the germans taking them out one by one thus hurting the morale of the german troops . the political officer danilov leads him on publishing his efforts to give his countrymen some hope . but vassili eventually start to feel that he can not live up to the expectations on him . he and danilov fall in love with the same girl tanya a female soldier . from germany comes the master sniper knig to put an end to the extraordinary skilled russian sniper .
orin boyd a tough cop in an inner -city precinct discovers a web of dirty cops and corruption .
emo kids israel and louie walk around their east los angeles neighborhood dishing about their high school classmates . after listening to louie boast about his sexual escapades israel decides he has some catching up to do .
memento chronicles two separate stories of leonard an ex -insurance investigator who can no longer build new memories as he attempts to find the murderer of his wife which is the last thing he remembers . one story line moves forward in time while the other tells the story backwards revealing more each time .
max and page are a mother and daughter con team . max seduces wealthy men into marrying her then page seduces them into infidelity so max can rake them over the divorce court coals . and then it 's on to the next victim .
young orphan gilly (klein) finds out his lover jo (graham) may actually be his biological sister . after they break up he discovers he 's not related and travels across the country to stop her impending wedding . unfortunately the entire nation has heard the same story and thinks he 's just after incestuous thrills .
the children of secret -agent parents must save them from danger .
seven years ago a bunch of friends make a bet that 'll give the last remaining bachelor a ton of money . now after losing a ton of money at a vegas casino michael delaney has to quickly ...
a tailor living in panama reluctantly becomes a spy for a british agent .
a horrific car accident connects three stories each involving characters dealing with loss regret and life 's harsh realities all in the name of love .
in while a fulbright scholar a manhattan painter named tobias schneebaum spent seven months in the amazon basin with the harakambut . when he returned to the us he could no longer paint . what happened ? nearly years later filmmakers want tobias now and suffering from parkinson 's to return to peru . he refuses but allows that he will revisit the asmat in new guinea where he spent an idyllic time years before . that trip goes well including a serendipitous meeting with aipit an aging native and once tobias ' friend and lover . tobias then agrees to go to peru to look for the people whom he joined on a murderous raiding party . the scars of war remain as does fear .
an intimate picaresque inquiry into french life as lived by the country 's poor and its provident as well as by the film 's own director agnes varda . the aesthetic political and moral ...
a congressman 's daughter under secret service protection is kidnapped from a private school by an insider who calls det . alex cross sucking him into the case even though he 's recovering from the loss of his partner .
a boy named george jung grows up in a struggling family in the 's. his mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family . it is finally revealed that george 's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt . george does not want the same thing to happen to him and his friend tuna in the 's suggests that he deal marijuana . he is a big hit in california in the 's yet he goes to jail where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine . as a result when released he gets rich by bringing cocaine to america . however he soon pays the price .
the pokemon master ash must rescue his mother from the encasement of a crystal tower .
bridget jones is an average woman struggling against her age her weight her job her lack of a man and her many imperfections . as a new year 's resolution bridget decides to take control of her life starting by keeping a diary in which she will always tell the complete truth . the fireworks begin when her charming though disreputable boss takes an interest in the quirky miss jones . thrown into the mix are bridget 's band of slightly eccentric friends and a rather disagreeable acquaintance who bridget cannot seem to stop running into or help finding quietly attractive .
joe dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo acid -washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the grand canyon when he was a belligerent trailer park -raised eight -year-old. now blasting van halen in his jacked -up economy car the irrepressibly optimistic joe hits the road alone in search of his folks . as his wandering misguided search takes him from one hilarious misadventure to another joe finds his way to los angeles where a shock -jock brings joe on his radio show to insult him . but as joe 's life story unfolds jeers turn to cheers and an entire captivated city tunes in to hear the adventures of joe dirt .
a girl group find themselves in the middle of a conspiracy to deliver subliminal messages through popular music in this send up of the music industry and pop culture .
chopper tells the intense story of mark "chopper" read a legendary criminal who wrote his autobiography while serving a murder sentence in prison . his book from the inside upon which the film is based was a best -seller.
held captive and faced with their imminent executions fifty strangers are forced to choose the one person among them who deserves to live .
australian outback adventurer mick "crocodile" dundee travels to los angeles with his young son while his longtime companion suspects foul play at a movie studio .
gordon an aspiring animator leaves his home in oregon to sell his ideas to hollywood . after being told correctly that they are quite possibly the most stupid ideas ever and that he needs to spend time rethinking them he moves back home . but his father never a kind man escalates his mean treatment of his rather unconventional son . meanwhile gord has fallen for betty an attractive doctor at the hospital where his friend is staying ; she happens to use a wheelchair and to delight in having her paralyzed legs beaten with a bamboo cane ; her sexual aggression intimidates him . gord 's family goes to a psychiatrist and he lies to her that his father molests gord 's brother freddy ; gord neglects to mention that freddy is . soon gordon has the house to himself and comes up with a winning animated series "zebras in america " based on his own family . all this is really a framework on which tom green hangs his usual crazy stunts .
tony montana manages to leave cuba during the mariel exodus of . he finds himself in a florida refugee camp but his friend manny has a way out for them : undertake a contract killing and arrangements will be made to get a green card . he 's soon working for drug dealer frank lopez and shows his mettle when a deal with colombian drug dealers goes bad . he also brings a new level of violence to miami . tony is protective of his younger sister but his mother knows what he does for a living and disowns him . tony is impatient and wants it all however including frank 's empire and his mistress elvira hancock . once at the top however tony 's outrageous actions make him a target and everything comes crumbling down .
an alcoholic marries a young woman whom he systematically addicts to booze so they can share his "passion" together .
a young hot shot driver is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams . a former cart champion is called in to give him guidance .
john henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father but a local gang is terrorizing the town . john henry is the only one who can stop them however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick -draw killer .
after another hard night at mccool 's bartender randy runs into jewel . the seductive lady seems to have evaded a rape pretty closely and when the man comes back she puts a bullet in his head . after all these events (and others ) randy takes jewel home and the two become a couple . yet jewel begins to develop into a very demanding girlfriend and drives randy into committing crimes for her and her elaborate lifestyle . randy 's cousin carl is driven crazy by randy 's incredibly sexy girl as well as the investigating officer detective dehling .
porter stoddard is a well -known new york architect who is at a crossroads ... a nexus where twists and turns lead to myriad missteps some with his wife ellie others with longtime friends mona and her husband griffin . deciding which direction to take often leads to unexpected encounters with hilarious consequences .
many years ago in ancient egypt the scorpion king led a menacing army but when he sold his soul to anubis he was erased from history . now he is only a myth ...or is he ? rick and evelyn o 'connell are still discovering new artifacts along with their year old son alex . they discover the bracelet of anubis . but someone else is after the bracelet . high priest imhotep has been brought back from the dead once again and wants the bracelet to control the scorpion king 's army . that 's not the only problem . imhotep now has alex and with the bracelet attached to him doesn 't have long to live .
with the help of albert einstein and other trusted advisors president harry s . truman commissioned a top -secret residential development in a remote area of the pacific northwest one that would serve to protect and nurture america 's most valuable intellectual resources . there our nation 's greatest thinkers the ber -geniuses working on the next era of scientific achievement would be able to live and work in a supportive environment . the best architects and planners were commissioned to design a welcoming place for these superlative geniuses to reside an area that would offer the best education for their children the best healthcare the best amenities and quality of life . a community was created to rival the most idyllic of america 's small towns - with one major difference : this town would never appear on any maps . at least none that haven 't been classified "eyes only " by the pentagon .
when her husband goes missing at the beach a female professor begins to mentally disintegrate as her denial of his disappearance becomes delusional .
in b .c. caesar pursues pompey from pharsalia to egypt . ptolemy now supreme ruler after deposing his older sister cleopatra attempts to gain favor with caesar by presenting the conquerer with the head of pompey borne by his governors pothinos and achillas . to win caesar 's support from her brother cleopatra hides herself in a rug which apollodorus her servant presents to caesar . the roman is immediately infatuated ; banishing ptolemy he declares cleopatra egypt 's sole ruler and takes her as his mistress . a son caesarion is born of their union . caesar however must return to italy . although he is briefly reunited with cleopatra during a magnificent reception for the queen in rome caesar is assassinated shortly thereafter and cleopatra returns to egypt . when mark antony caesar 's protg beholds cleopatra aboard her elaborate barge at tarsus some years later he is smitten and becomes both her lover and military ally . their liaison notwithstanding antony to consolidate his position in rome marries octavia sister of the ambitious octavian . the marriage satisfies no one . cleopatra is infuriated and antony tiring of his roman wife returns to egypt . there he flaunts his liaison by marrying cleopatra in a public ceremony . sensing antony 's weakness octavian attacks and defeats his forces at actium . alarmed cleopatra withdraws her fleet and seeks refuge in her tomb .
a prince and a fellowship of companions set out to rescue his bride from a fortress of alien invaders who have arrived on their home planet .
david and linda howard are successful yuppies from la . when he gets a job disappointment david convinces linda that they should quit their jobs liquidate their assets and emulate the movie easy rider spending the rest of their lives travelling around america ...in a winnebago ! (this is a kind of large luxurious mobile home which suits a 's yuppie more than the counterculture dropout approach of easy rider .) his idealized unrealistic plans soon begin to go spectacularly wrong .
the life demolition and reconstruction of the kopaszi dam . shot for ten years long in a forgotten landscape in the center of budapest . people living in houseboats and wooden houses struggling against flood snow and investors who want them to evict . years in minutes . the second part of the dike of transience . lost world won the best documentary award in karlovy vary .
a legendary propaganda /documentary of the third reich 's nuremberg party rally . featuring a cast of thousands as well as of course hitler himmler goebbels hess goering and other top party officials .
a cynical former civil liberties attorney now reduced to "specializing" in defending drug dealers becomes transformed by an eight -year-old murder case .
based on the john irving novel this film chronicles the life of t s garp and his mother jenny . whilst garp sees himself as a "serious" writer jenny writes a feminist manifesto at an opportune time and finds herself as a magnet for all manner of distressed women .
a poet falls in love with an art student who gravitates to his bohemian lifestyle -- and his love of heroin . hooked as much on one another as they are on the drug their relationship alternates between states of oblivion self -destruction and despair .
in first century rome two student friends encolpio and ascilto argue about ownership of the boy gitone divide their belongings and split up . the boy allowed to choose who he goes with chooses ascilto . only a sudden earthquake saves encolpio from suicide . we follow encolpio through a series of adventures where he is eventually reunited with ascilto and which culminates in them helping a man kidnap a hermaphrodite demi -god from a temple . the god dies and as punishment encolpio becomes impotent . we then follow them in search of a cure . the film is loosely based on the book satyricon by gaius petronius arbiter the "arbiter of elegance " in the court of nero . the book has only survived in fragments and the film reflects this by being very fragmentary itself even stopping in mid -sentence.
johnny has just been released from prison and gets a job in a caf beside waitress frankie . frankie is a bit of a loner but johnny is determined their romance will blossom .
with the help of the singer and dancer dixie leonhard us -entertainer eddie sparks wants to bring some fun to the soldiers during world war ii . becoming a perfect team they tour from north ...
based on the popular film of the same name . this show follows three office workers doralee judy and violet as they wage office warfare (while trying not to jeopardize their careers ) against their obnoxious boss mr . hart and his equally obnoxious sidekick roz .
like a lot of her family before her norma rae works at the local textile mill where the pay is hardly commensurate with the long hours and lousy working conditions . but after hearing a rousing speech by labor activist reuben norma is inspired to rally her fellow workers behind the cause of unionism . her decision rankles her family especially her fianc sonny and provokes no shortage of contempt from her employers .
jack chester an overworked air traffic controller takes his family on vacation to the beach . things immediately start to go wrong for the chesters and steadily get worse . jack ends up in a feud with a local yachtsman and has to race him to regain his pride and family 's respect .
in this latest installment to the horror franchise sam and his friends manages to escape a ill -fated bridge thanks to a premonition sam obtained . however when of his friends died in a mysterious way sam must use his memories from the premonition to save his friends before death hunts him down .
harvard law student oliver barrett iv and music student jennifer cavilleri share a chemistry they cannot deny - and a love they cannot ignore . despite their opposite backgrounds the young couple put their hearts on the line for each other . when they marry oliver 's wealthy father threatens to disown him . jenny tries to reconcile the barrett men but to no avail . oliver and jenny continue to build their life together . relying only on each other they believe love can fix anything . but fate has other plans . soon what began as a brutally honest friendship becomes the love story of their lives .
the end of the century . a boat filled with swedish emigrants comes to the danish island of bornholm . among them are lasse and his son pelle who move to denmark to find work . they find ...
four men plan a technically perfect crime but the human element intervenes ...
inspired by "the canterbury tales " as well as the early life of william marshall (later first earl of pembroke ) this is the story of william a young squire with a gift for jousting . after his master dies suddenly the squire hits the road with his cohorts roland and wat . on the journey they stumble across an unknown writer chaucer . william lacking a proper pedigree convinces chaucer to forge genealogy documents that will pass him off as a knight . with his newly -minted history in hand the young man sets out to prove himself a worthy knight at the country 's jousting competition and finds romance along the way .
maya is a quick -witted young woman who comes over the mexican border without papers and makes her way to the la home of her older sister rosa . rosa gets maya a job as a janitor : a non -union janitorial service has the contract the foul -mouthed supervisor can fire workers on a whim and the service -workers' union has assigned organizer sam shapiro to bring its "justice for janitors " campaign to the building . sam finds maya a willing listener she 's also attracted to him . rosa resists she has an ailing husband to consider . the workers try for public support ; management intimidates workers to divide and conquer . rosa and maya as well as workers and management may be set to collide .
while shifting airports by bus in africa a group of passengers is driven to the middle of nowhere in the desert by the driver that is following a defective compass . they run out of gas and they reach a ghost village inhabited by a single man kanana . one passenger that has experience with desert gives five advices to the others to survive in the spot among them to keep the spirit high while he travels through the desert seeking for help . one intellectual in the stranded group suggests the performance of king lear to keep the morale of the survivors . along the days while hope decreases the tension increases among the survivors .
kaleil isaza tuzman and tom herman have had a dream since they became friends at age fifteen : get rich by developing their own dot com company in some aspect of computer technology interface . now in their late twenties they have now come up with the idea they believe will make their riches namely as tom refers to it "parking tickets ": the company will be the on -line revenue collection interface for municipal governments . govworks .com came into existence in may with only an idea . the process of building the business focuses on obtaining venture capital based solely on the idea with the actual mechanics of the website seemingly almost an afterthought or at least one left primarily to the hired help . regardless of the strength of the idea itself in raising this capital another initial problem they face is what they see as non -commitment by a third partner kaleil 's friend chieh cheung . in early they do manage to go live with their product to what seems to be a promising and lucrative future . however the success of the business is fraught with many obstacles including the competition who may have a better product or one introduced in the marketplace earlier the whims of the economy especially as it concerns the equity market and the fact that the business has few assets beyond intellectual capital . in addition their personal focus is solely on the business which places a strain on their personal relationships tom 's with his young daughter tia herman and kaleil 's with his girlfriend dora glottman . their relationship with each other is also tested as it is and always was an inequitable one - kaleil being the self -admitted alpha dog - and one which may be usurped by business concerns .
a mysterious man is drawn to a feisty female police officer and a unusual relationship ensues as not everything is as it seems .
when a green ogre named shrek discovers his swamp has been 'swamped' with all sorts of fairytale creatures by the scheming lord farquaad shrek sets out with a very loud donkey by his side to 'persuade' farquaad to give shrek his swamp back . instead a deal is made . farquaad who wants to become the king sends shrek to rescue princess fiona who is awaiting her true love in a tower guarded by a fire -breathing dragon . but once they head back with fiona it starts to become apparent that not only does shrek an ugly ogre begin to fall in love with the lovely princess but fiona is also hiding a huge secret .
fictional account of french artist henri de toulouse -lautrec.
pearl harbor is a classic tale of romance set during a war that complicates everything . it all starts when childhood friends rafe and danny become army air corps pilots and meet evelyn a navy nurse . rafe falls head over heels and next thing you know evelyn and rafe are hooking up . then rafe volunteers to go fight in britain and evelyn and danny get transferred to pearl harbor . while rafe is off fighting everything gets completely whack and next thing you know everybody is in the middle of an air raid we now know as "pearl harbor ."
an aging chief 's last stand lessons for the new and the education of a young chief -to-be played against harsh nature in nepal 's dolpo . when his son dies returning from tibet 's salt lakes tinle blames karma his son 's friend refuses to give karma his blessing as the new chief and organizes a rival caravan to take the salt to lower nepal to trade for grain . he a few old men his son 's widow his grandson and his second son a monk set out on the arduous journey . fearing storms karma has led his caravan out of the village before the auspicious day ordained by the lamas . tinle 's group catches karma 's before the final pass ; the two stubborn men lock wills with tinle 's grandson watching .
a young girl is on top of the world until a tragic accident dashes her hopes and dreams of becoming a world -class figure skater . only with the help of those who love her can she prove to ...
substance -addicted hollywood actress suzanne vale is on the skids . after a spell at a detox centre her film company insists as a condition of continuing to employ her that she live with her mother doris mann herself once a star and now a champion drinker . such a set -up is bad news for suzanne who has struggled for years to get out of her mother 's shadow and who finds her mother still treats her like a child . despite these problems - and further ones to do with the men in in her life - suzanne can begin to see the funny side of her situation and it also starts to occur to her that not only do daughters have mothers mothers do too .
refusing to let himself be re -settled on a florida reservationmassaian apache warriorescapes his captors and returns to his homeland to become a peaceful farmer .
mitch is a middle aged big -city radio ads salesman . he and his friends ed and phil are having mid -life crisis . they decide the best birthday gift is to go on a two week holiday in the wild west driving cattle from new mexico to colorado . there they meet cowboy curly who not only teaches them how to become real cowboys but also one or two other things about life in the open air of the west .
the great chicago white sox team of is the saddest team to ever win a pennant . the team is bitter at their penny pincher owner charles comiskey and at their own teammates . gamblers take advantage of this opportunity to offer some players money to throw the series . (most of the players didn 't get as much as promised .) but buck weaver and the great shoeless joe jackson turn back at the last minute and try to play their best . the sox actually almost come back from a deficit . two years later the truth breaks out and the sox are sued on multiple counts . they are found innocent by the jury but baseball commissioner landis has other plans . the eight players are suspended for life and buck weaver for the rest of his life tries to clear his name .
following napoleon 's waterloo defeat and the exile of his officers and their families from france the u .s.congress in granted four townships in the alabama territory to the exiles . led by colonel georges geraud and general paul demarchand the struggling settlers have made a thriving community called demopolis by the summer of . on a shopping trip to mobile fleurette demarchand the general 's daughter meets john breen a kentucky rifleman who detours his regiment through demopolis to court her . but fleurette despite her wish to marry for love must bow to the needs of her fellow exiles who are at the mercy of the rich and wealthy blake randolph and who wants her as his bride . but john breen has no intention of allowing that to happen resigns from his regiment and takes up the fight against randolph and his hirelings .
two fbi agents investigating the murder of civil rights workers during the seek to breach the conspiracy of silence in a small southern town where segregation divides black and white . the younger agent trained in fbi school runs up against the small town ways of his former sheriff partner .
sheriff john t . chance has his hands full after arresting joe burdette for murder . he knows that burdette 's brother nathan a powerful rancher will go to any lengths to get him out of jail . chance 's good friend pat wheeler offers to help but within minutes of making the offer is gunned down in the street shot in the back . that leaves his elderly deputy stumpy the town drunk dude - once a deputy and a pretty good shot when he was sober - and a young hand colorado who used to work for wheeler . nathan burdette meanwhile has a couple of dozen men at his disposal . chance does his best to prepare all the while romancing a pretty gamblers who goes by the name of feathers .
a judge commits suicide and his secretary is found murdered . a homeless deaf -mute man carl anderson is arrested for her murder . public defender kathleen is assigned by the court as his ...
larry donner is an author and writing professor who tutors people that want to write books . larry 's life has become a misery when his ex -wife margaret has published a book he wrote under her name and has gotten rich over it . owen lift one of larry 's students offers larry to kill margaret and in return owen wants larry to kill his horrible mother . larry thinks it 's a joke until he learns owen killed his ex -wife. and larry has now become the prime suspect .
each member of a family in taipei asks hard questions about life 's meaning as they live through everyday quandaries . nj is morose : his brother owes him money his mother is in a coma his wife suffers a spiritual crisis when she finds her life a blank his business partners make bad decisions against his advice and he reconnects with his first love years after he dumped her . his teenage daughter ting -ting watches emotions roil in their neighbors ' flat and is experiencing the first stirrings of love . his -year-old son yang -yang is laconic like his dad and pursues truth with the help of a camera . "why is the world so different from what we think it is ?" asks ting -ting.
a film that depicts and reflects on the multicultural multilingual three -generation people of hong kong under the crisis of the epidemic -sars.
in this story of the early days of daylight bombing raids over nazi germany general frank savage must take command of a "hard luck " bomber group . much of the story deals with his struggle to whip his group into a disciplined fighting unit in spite of heavy losses and withering attacks by german fighters over their targets . actual combat footage is used in this tense war drama .
ryan an american pow leads his fellow prisoners on a dangerous escape from the germans in italy . having seemingly made errors of judgment ryan has to win the support of the mainly british soldiers he is commanding .
when plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead end a group of close -knit friends find themselves stranded in unfamiliar territory pursued by a menacing blood thirsty predator . holed up in an isolated cabin tensions mount as long -buried secrets are revealed . as the body count rises the group must put their differences aside and fight for survival .
big eden is a tiny fictional town in northwestern montana as preston sturges or frank capra might have envisioned it . timber and cowboy country . this is the story of henry hart a successful new york artist who returns to the town of his childhood to care for the ailing grandfather who raised him . back in big eden henry must come to terms with his relationship to dean stewart his best friend from high school as well as the object of his unrequited love . all these years henry has been pining for a dream image of dean from back then . this is also the story of pike dexter the shy unassuming native american owner of the town 's general store who is as surprised as anyone to find himself falling in love with henry . the people of big eden conspire and attempt to bring henry and pike together .
when a meteorite falls to earth two college professors dr . ira kane and prof . harry phineas block are assigned the job of checking the site out . at the site they discover organisms not of this planet . soon the site is taken over by the government forcing ira and harry to the side . as the new life -forms begin to evolve and start to get more and more dangerous it 's up to the two professors to save the planet .
when the dea shut down its dummy corporation operation codenamed swordfish in they had generated million which they let sit around ; fifteen years of compound interest has swelled it to billion . a covert counter -terrorist unit called black cell headed by the duplicitious and suave gabriel shear wants the money to help finance their raise -the-stakes vengeance war against international terrorism but it 's all locked away behind super -encryption. he brings in convicted hacker stanley jobson who only wants to see his daughter holly again but can 't afford the legal fees to slice into the government mainframes and get the money .
celebrity couple joe and sally therrian are going through yet another rough stage in their six -year marriage : while joe 's novels have been climbing higher and higher on the best -seller lists sally 's film career has been steadily sinking into oblivion . joe 's been given the rights to cast and direct the screenplay of his latest book but rather than resurrect sally 's career by casting her in the lead role he 's given it to sally 's rival skye davidson . even worse he 's invited skye to their anniversary bash . will the marriage or anything else for that matter survive the party ?
in world war ii nazi occupied czechoslovakia a childless couple josef and marie cizek can only watch while the jewish family of their employers the wieners are first removed from their own home to a spare room in their house by the nazis then deported to theresienstadt concentration camp . years later young david wiener the sole surviving member of that family has managed to escape and make it to the cizeks . although fully aware of the extreme danger of harbouring a jew in the third reich the cizek 's can not permit themselves to leave david to certain death and agree to hide him . however this decision leads to terrible danger of discovery by the nazis and especially their friend and nazi collaborator horst prohazka who is attracted to marie . with desperate cleverness and luck the cizeks struggle to keep the secret even when horst begins to suspect . in doing so they find themselves making unorthodox choices and learning about the true nature of the people around them .
a man is trying desperately to be certified insane during world war ii so he can stop flying missions .
forgotten silver is a mockumentary which details the prodigious life of "lost" filmmaker colin mckenzie and his incredible advances that were lost to history ...until now . this supergenius filmmaker posthumously inducted into the pantheon of cinema greats made incredible advances in filmmaking technology supposedly making a talkie in and using color film in but madness and poverty and the usual industry tolls drove him into obscurity .
in the coastal town of los angeles a gang of bank robbers call themselves the ex -presidents. commit their crimes while wearing masks of ex -presidents reagan carter nixon and johnson . the f .b.i. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent johnny utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information . utah meets surfer bodhi and gets drawn into the lifestyle of his new friend .
summer of . carson is getting married to her boyfriend so her friends melaina pudge and luanne take her to myrtle beach for one last irresponsible weekend .
ten years after his son went mia in vietnam u .s.marine retired colonel jason rhodes assembles a private rescue team to find americans held in pow camps in laos .
after a break -in at their house a couple gets help from one of the cops that answered their call . he helps them install the security system and begins dropping by on short notice and ...
a skilled young hockey prospect hoping to attract the attention of professional scouts is pressured to show that he can fight if challenged during his stay in a canadian minor hockey town . his on -ice activities are complicated by his relationship with the coach 's daughter .
lorelei and dorothy are just "two little girls from little rock " lounge singers on a transatlantic cruise working their way to paris and enjoying the company of any eligible men they might meet along the way even though "diamonds are a girl 's best friend ." based on the broadway musical based on the novel .
three women set out to find eligible millionaires to marry but find true love in the process .
molly and terry donahue plus their three children are the five donahues . son tim meets hat -check girl vicky and the family act begins to fall apart .
michael dorsey an unsuccessful actor disguises himself as a woman in order to get a role on a trashy hospital soap .
far from home jason washes up on the shores of the ancient and mysterious city of atlantis .
a member of a rich british aristocratic family lara croft is a "tomb raider " who enjoys collecting ancient artifacts from ruins of temples cities etc . worldwide and doesn 't mind going through death -defying dangers to get them . she is skilled in hand -to-hand combat weapons training and foreign languages - and does them all in tight outfits . well the planets of the solar system are going into planetary alignment (which occurs every years ) and a secret society called the illuminati is seeking an ancient talisman that gives its possessor the ability to control time . however they need a certain clock /key to help them in their search and they have to find the talisman in one week or wait until the next planetary alignment to find it again . lara happens to find that key hidden in a wall of her mansion . the illuminati steal it and lara gets an old letter from her deceased father telling her about the society 's agenda (her father was also the one who hid the key ). now she must retrieve the key and find and destroy the talisman before the illuminati can get their hands on it .
dolittle must save a forest and a bear 's life .
los angeles street racer dominic toretto falls under the suspicion of the lapd as a string of high -speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area . brian o 'connor an officer of the lapd joins the ranks of toretto 's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict toretto . however o 'connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with toretto 's sister mia . as a rival racing crew gains strength o 'connor must decide where his loyalty really lies .
a highly advanced robotic boy longs to become "real" so that he can regain the love of his human mother .
this is the story of jody an unemployed young black man who 's been living with his mother for several years even though he 's got a child of his own . romantically he 's having ...
when fate steps in and brings together two high school seniors from opposite sides of the track it 's something crazy /beautiful in this sexy fun and energetic story of first love . nicole (kirsten dunst ) is the -year-old troubled daughter of a wealthy congressman who never met a rule she didn 't break . carlos (jay hernandez ) is a grade a student with big dreams who endures a two -hour bus ride every morning to attend high school in an upscale l .a. neighbourhood . their innocent flirtations quickly develop into passionate love but nicole 's self -destructive behaviour threatens their relationship and puts carlos ' promising future in jeopardy . will their intense passion keep them together despite the objections of their families or will carlos be forced to plan his future without nicole ? surprises lie at every turn in this wildly seductive and critically acclaimed drama .
a tale revolving around the carefree and bon -vivant felix who is content living with his boyfriend daniel in the town of dieppe in northern france . when felix is laid off from his job he decides to take a road trip to marseilles to track down the father he 's never met . backpack in tow felix sets out walking hitching and borrowing cars to get to the south of france . springtime is budding nature is at its best and some unique characters await felix along the dirtroads and byways of the french countryside .
brutal gangster don logan recruits "retired" safecracker gal for one last job but it goes badly for both of them .
young nurse sissi lives a secluded life seemingly entirely devoted to her patients at birkenhof asylum . her first encounter with ex -soldier and drifter bodo has a lasting impact . he causes an accident that results in her lying under a truck unable to breathe . while he provides life -saving first aid mesmerized sissi begins to wonder whether he may be the man of her dreams . but when she tracks him down weeks later her affection is rejected as bodo is stuck somewhere between a traumatic past and a criminal future .
when noah forgets his cellphone on the night stand of a cheating rich socialite it 's a race against time to recover it before her husband returns home . things go astray when his recovery ...
parisian murder detective commissioner pierre niemans is called to gueron a self -sufficient prestigious university in a mountain valley to investigate the murder on -year old professor and librarian rmy caillois whose corpse was found meters high on a steep mountain side naked horribly covered in bruises and bleeding wounds the result of some five hours of bestial torture including quasi -surgical amputation of hands cauterized to prevent bleeding to death - and eyes . guernon is a closed society of virtually incestuous scientists de facto succeeding to their parents ' posts ; the eye -doctor formerly on the staff says hereditary genetic diseases are the price of such elitism but in recent years spread to the simple farming families . inspector max kerkerian examines two crimes in the town : a school break -in with theft of old photos and archive papers as well as a graveyard desecration of judith herault the daughter of local nun andre who lives in a dark cell since years and mumbles the demons who made an attempt of both of their lives have returned to prevent the child endanger their secret . as both police investigations continue the loner sleuths meet ; secrets and other corpses are found till it all ties together .
the true story of the rise to power and brutal assassination of the formerly vilified and later redeemed leader of the independent congo patrice lumumba . using newly discovered historical ...
a look at the top -secret high -tech espionage war going on between cats and dogs which their human owners are blissfully unaware of .
liu jian a police officer from china comes to paris to help the vice squad apprehend a chinese drug lord and his unknown french connection . the french connection is richard the head of the vice squad who intends to kill the drug lord then frame jian . jian ducks a bullet and escapes with a tape of what really happened . by chance jian turns to jessica - a us farm girl who is one of richard 's hookers - for help . she has her own problems including the fact that richard has her daughter locked in an orphanage to keep jessica on the streets and silent about his activities . can jian protect jessica rescue her daughter and give richard the kiss of the dragon ?
a group of teens including cindy campbell and brenda meeks are invited to spend a night in hell house . professor oldman has convinced them it is for a school project but the night won 't go past quietly . master kane is long dead but still plans on enjoying himself especially with alex monday . when things really start getting bad the gang must work together to find a way to capture this ghostly menace .
a newcomer to a posh girls boarding school discovers that her two senior roommates are lovers .
two young women marginalised by society go on a destructive tour of sex and violence . breaking norms and killing men - and shattering the complacency of polite cinema audiences .
with the brilliant vietnamese summer as a setting vertical ray of the sun is beautiful from beginning to end . the plot centres around three sisters two of whom are happily married (or so it appears ). the youngest sister is single and living with her cute older brother whom she is desperately in love with . a second sister is married to a man who has another woman and child elsewhere whom he loves just as much as his wife -with a few conditions she agrees to carry on with the marriage . the third sister and her husband are overjoyed to discover she is pregnant and though he is tempted her husband remains loyal to her . charming slow -paced face value family saga film .
alice tate mother of two with a marriage of years finds herself falling for the handsome sax player joe . stricken with a backache she consults dr . yang an oriental herbalist who realizes that her problems are not related to her back but in her mind and heart . dr . yang 's magical herbs give alice wondrous powers taking her out of well -established rut .
in the fourth of the highly successful frankie and annette beach party movies a motorcycle gang led by eric von zipper kidnaps singing star sugar kane managed by bullets who hires ...
current stars update the original characters from the first two cannonball movies and race again - new cars new obstacles and new laughs .
the sheik who competed at the last cannonball run is berated by his father for not winning it . so he tells him to go and win . problem is that there is no cannonball run . so his father tells him to make one of his own . he puts up a million dollars as the prize . so former cannonballers j .j. and his buddy vince join as does blake and fenderbaum and some other characters . but blake and fenderbaum owe a mobster some money and the mobster owes some other guy more . he then decides to grab the sheik and hold him for ransom so he can pay the guy back .
celestine the chambermaid has new job on the country . the monteils who she works for are a group of strange people . the wife is frigid her husband is always hunting (both animals and ...
'guns' donovan prefers carousing with his pals doc dedham and 'boats' gilhooley until dedham 's high -society daughter amelia shows up in their south seas paradise .
dr . goldfoot plans on taking over the world with his beautiful female robots who seduce rich and powerful men . robot is sent after millionaire todd armstrong . secret agent craig gamble tries to stop the plot but ends up in the torture chamber with armstrong . the parody of "the pit and the pendulium " is the highlight of the film which also includes bits by annette funicello harvey lembeck and deborah walley .
the demon mephisto wagers with god that he can corrupt a mortal man 's soul .
a senator who became famous for killing a notorious outlaw returns for the funeral of an old friend and tells the truth about his deed .
a journalist down on his luck in the us drives to el salvador to chronicle the events of the military dictatorship including the assasination of archbishop oscar romero . he forms an uneasy alliance with both guerillas in the countryside who want him to get pictures out to the us press and the right -wing military who want him to bring them photographs of the rebels . meanwhile he has to find a way of protecting his salvadorean girlfriend and getting her out of the country .
a small and insignificant bookkeeper kleinman is awoken one night by his neighbors who wants his help to track down a strangler who has been killing people all over town . the citizens form vigilance committees but when kleinman has dressed his neighbors have disappeared . meanwhile a circus has come to town . irmy and paul are two of the artists . after a fight irmy leaves the circus in the middle of the night . eventually she meets kleinman scared and alone .
a free -spirited woman "kidnaps" a yuppie for a weekend of adventure . but the fun quickly takes a dangerous turn when her ex -convict husband shows up .
the elder boys return to clearwater texas for their mother 's funeral . john the eldest is a well known gunfighter and trouble follows him wherever he goes . the boys try to get back their ranch from the towns gunsmith who won it from their father in a card game with which he was shortly murdered there after but not before getting through the troubles that come with the elders name .
in new york dr . norman boyle assumes the research about dr . freudstein of his colleague dr . petersen who committed suicide after killing his mistress . norman heads to boston with his wife lucy boyle and their son bob to live in an isolated house in the woods that belonged to dr . petersen . bob befriends the girl mae that only he can see and she warns him to leave the house . soon his parents hire the mysterious babysitter ann and creepy things happen in the house when bobby goes to the basement his parents discover the secret of the house .
chef ina garten shows how to prepare multi -course meals and gives tips on hosting and decorating .
in the late in ferrara italy the finzi -contini are one of the leading families wealthy aristocratic urbane ; they are also jewish . their adult children micol and alberto gather a circle of friends for constant rounds of tennis and parties at their villa with its lovely grounds keeping the rest of the world at bay . into the circle steps giorgio a jew from the middle class who falls in love with micol . she seems to toy with him and even makes love to one of his friends while she knows giorgio is watching . while his love cannot seem to break through to her to draw her out of her garden idyll the forces of politics close in .
a frightened woman is running barefoot on a highway trying desperately to flag a car . after several cars pass her by the woman sees another car approaching and to make sure either the car stops - or she 's killed she stands in the path of an on -coming car . private investigator mike hammer is the one at the wheel and after almost hitting the woman he tells her to get in . the woman 's name is christina bailey .. she is obviously on the run being barefoot and wearing nothing but a trench coat and the scent of fear . whoever was after her eventually catches up with them . christina has information they want but dies while being questioned . the killers fake an accident by pushing hammer 's car off the road but he survives waking up in hospital two weeks later . as mike starts to investigate christina 's death he 's told by the police to stay out of it but the hard -nosed pi proceeds anyways . little did he know that christina 's secret would lead to death and destruction .
it 's christmas and king henry ii is planning to announce his successor to the throne . the jockeying for the crown though is complex . henry has three sons and wants his boy prince john to take over . henry 's wife queen eleanor has other ideas . she believes their son prince richard should be king . as the family and various schemers gather for the holiday each tries to make the indecisive king choose their option .
nathan kelly simon alisha and curtis were expecting their community service to be boring . however after a freak thunderstorm they discover that it is anything but dull . bestowed with strange powers the five very different teens realize they have a lot more to worry about than just picking up litter especially as they discover that they are not the only ones who have been given strange powers . secrets will be revealed feelings brought to the surface and relationships formed and broken . but hey its only weeks of community service ; what 's the worst that could happen ?
powerful but unethical broadway columnist j .j. hunsecker coerces unscrupulous press agent sidney falco into breaking up his sister 's romance with a jazz musician .
on october the hard -work geologist of the hadley oil company mitch wayne meets the executive secretary lucy moore in the office of her boss bill ryan in new york and invites her to go to a conference with the alcoholic playboy and son of a tycoon kyle hadley . on the way of the meeting he confesses that they had traveled from houston to new york to satisfy the wish of the reckless kyle who is his best friend since their childhood of eating a sandwich from club and the meeting was just a pretext to kyle 's father jasper hadley . mitch and kyle immediately fall in love for lucy and kyle unsuccessfully uses his money to impress lucy ; then he opens his heart and proposes lucy . they get married and travel to acapulco and the insecure kyle stops drinking . meanwhile kyle 's sister marylee is an easy woman and has a non -corresponded crush on mitch that sees her as a sister . one year later kyle discovers that he has a problem and might be sterile and starts drinking again . the jealous marylee poisons kyle telling that his wife and mitch are having a love affair . when lucy finds that she is pregnant kyle believes that the baby belongs to mitch and his mistrust leads to a tragedy .
a newcomer to a fancy ballet academy gradually comes to realize that the school is a front for something far more sinister and supernatural amidst a series of grisly murders .
in this movie bruce lee is a very famous martial -arts master who stars in many films . after an unsuccessful murder attempt against him everyone thinks his is dead but he 's just hiding preparing his revenge ...
in new york city a young man searches for the "master" to obtain the final level of martial arts mastery known as the glow . along the way he must fight a martial arts expert corrupted with power and rescue a beautiful singer from an obsessed music promoter .
marshal w .t. o 'niel is assigned to a mining colony on io one of jupiter 's moons . during his tenure miners are dying - usually violently . when the marshal investigates he discovers the one thing all the deaths have in common is a lethal amphetamine -type drug which allows the miners to work continuously for days at a time until they become "burned out " and expire . o 'niel follows the trail of the dealers which leads to the man overseeing the colony . now o 'niel must watch his back at every turn as those who seek to protect their income begin targeting him ...
-year-old claressa 't-rex' shields from flint michigan dreams of being the first woman in history to win a gold medal in olympic boxing . but in order for her to succeed she 'll need to stand her ground both inside and outside the ring .
in the first out of the famous "final fantasy " series many warriors of different classes must cleanse the land of evil and track down the notorious garland . on their quest these warriors run into the elemental fiends build technology meet elves giants and mermaids help a witch and many other incredible voyages .
elle woods (reese witherspoon ) has it all . she 's the president of her sorority a hawaiian tropic girl miss june in her campus calendar and above all a natural blonde . she dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be mrs . warner huntington iii . but there 's just one thing stopping warner (matthew davis ) from popping the question : elle is too blonde . growing up across the street from aaron spelling might mean something in la but nothing to warner 's east -coast blue blood family . so when warner packs up for harvard law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school elle rallies all her resources and gets into harvard determined to win him back . but law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall . elle must wage the battle of her life for her guy for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday .
liberated couple seduce another couple into experimentation with bisexuality and group -sex.
after finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend bobby marty has become fed up with his friend 's twisted ways . his girlfriend a victim of bobby 's often cruel ways couldn 't agree more and they strategize murdering bobby with a group of willing and unwilling participants in a small florida town . in the midst of their plotting they find themselves contemplating with the possible aftermath of what could happen .
george a passive and sometimes expressionless nigerian arrives at the buffalo airport to meet the women his family has arranged for him to marry . he 's late she 's gone on to niagara falls so he has two days traveling slowly and reluctantly to get to the wedding . at the airport he meets alicia a lively latin going with her boyfriend to see her family . george is smitten . partly by happenstance and partly by the designs of gerard a romantic and manic frenchman george meets at the airport his path crosses alicia 's a few times . as gerard puts it george should seize the chance to see what happens with alicia - he can always jump tomorrow . can george take on fate and custom ?
bobby is a struggling boxer and bodyguard for his stripper girlfriend . but he hates his work and wants to move up . so he agrees to go to new york city for his boss to help in the delivery for a money laundering scheme . his partner in crime is his best friend ricky an obnoxious loudmouth who has seen one too many mafia movies . bobby tries to keep it cool and get the job done but ricky 's antics threaten to blow the entire situation .
a factory worker in a dark gray world assembles devices that promise happiness . in his spare time he tinkers to create something better and finally succeeds in perfecting his invention which allows people to see life through rose -colored glasses . but he has to pay a price for his success .
africa the world 's wildest continent . david attenborough takes us on an awe -inspiring journey through one of the most diverse places in the world . we visit deserts savannas and jungles and meet up with some of africa 's amazing wildlife .
jake barnes and his two kids sean and jessie have moved to alaska after his wife died . he is a former airline pilot now delivering toilet paper across the mountains . during an emergency delivery in a storm his plane goes down somewhere in the mountains . annoyed that the authorities aren 't doing enough jessie and sean set out on an adventure to find their father with the help of a polar bear which they have saved from a ferocious poacher . conflict ensues .
by means of an accident the soul of david and his swinging grandfather get swapped . while the grandfather 's body is still in coma he enjoys having a young body again and repairs some facts ...
the first impression is many times the most important one . how does israel seem to a first time visitor ? accidental tourist offers a unique opportunity to experience israel from the initial perspective of uninvolved tourists . seven episodes seven different first timers in israel provide unique funny weird surprising and special points of view of their first impressions of a country that is always in the headlines but is seldom shown in its day to day reality .
a psychological thriller based on one of the most controversial court cases in the netherlands . lucia a nurse is sentenced to life imprisonment for allegedly having killed at least seven babies and elderly people .
in japan the sicilian martial arts expert nicolo "nico" toscani is recruited by the cia special agent nelson fox to join the special operations forces in the border of the vietnam and cambodia . in nico witnesses the torturer kurt zagon interrogating prisoners of war and he is disgusted and quits the cia returning to chicago . fifteen years later nico is married with a baby with his wife sarah and they live in the same house of his mother . nico is a tough and incorruptible narcotics detective of the chicago police department very close to his partner and friend delores 'jacks' jackson and his friend detective lukich . when nico and jacks investigate a drug traffic operation they arrest the gang of the drug dealer tony salvano but they find that they are smuggling the plastic explosive instead . however there is an interference of the fbi and salvano and his partner are released by fbi agent neeley (nicholas kusenko ) and the detectives are forbidden of proceed with the investigation . but nico does not stop and is suspended from the police force . but when there is an explosion in the church of his neighborhood and his friend and parish priest joseph gennaro is murdered nico chases salvano and discovers a corruption ring that is planning to kill the american senator ernest harrison that is investigating the involvement of the cia with drug traffic .
an account of baron munchausen 's supposed travels and fantastical experiences with his band of misfits .
emily boynton step -mother to the three boynton children and mother to ginevra blackmails the family lawyer jefferson cope into destroying a second will of her late husband which would have freed the childern from her dominating influence . she takes herself and the children on holiday to europe and the holy land . in jerusalem hercule poirot meets up with a woman friend dr . king who falls in love with raymond boynton to emily 's disapproval . lady westholme her secretary and cope are following them too . the children discover about the second will and emily succeeds in rubbing the rest up the wrong way causing much hatred towards her . at a dig everybody wonders about the camp and emily is found dead ... poisoned . poirot investigates ...
the movie tells the story of taisto kasurinen a finnish coal miner whose father has just committed suicide and who is framed for a crime he did not commit . in jail he starts to dream ...
in this sequel to the hit movie arthur manages to lose his entire million fortune . will the former millionaire playboy be able to survive as a broke unemployable alcoholic ? to add to arthur 's problems wife linda 's biological clock is ticking louder than ever and she 's pressuring him to start taking responsibility for himself .
lt . col . iceal "ham" hambleton is a weapons countermeasures expert and when his aircraft is shot over enemy territory the air force very much wants to get him back . hambleton knows the area he 's in is going to be carpet -bombed but a temporary shortage of helicopters causes a delay . working with an air force reconnaissance pilot capt . bartholomew clark he maps out an escape route based on golf courses he has played . along the way however he has to face enemy forces and the death of some of his fellow soldiers .
when the new york child performer cc bloom and san fransisco rich kid hillary meet in a holiday resort in atlantic city it marks the start of a lifetime friendship between them . the two keep in touch through letters for a number of years until hillary now a successful lawyer moves to new york to stay with struggling singer cc . the movie shows the various stages of their friendship and their romances including their love for the same man .
during the war in afghanistan a soviet tank crew commanded by a tyrannical officer find themselves lost and in a struggle against a band of mujahadeen guerrillas in the mountains . a unique look at the soviet 'vietnam' experience sympathetically told for both sides .
in the sequel to "pee wee 's big adventure " pee -wee herman has had enough with the fame and constant media attention he received after the events of the first movie so he 's now a simple farmer living quietly in a small town . but after a big storm blows their way a circus ends up at pee wee 's farm . so he lets the circus stay at his farm for a while . the circus decides to put on a show with one lovable star pee -wee! also a love triangle develops between pee -wee his nice fiance winnie who 's the local schoolteacher and mysterious loner gina the circus ' attractive trapeze artist . the outcome of this subplot is somewhat unexpected .
a group of young recruits go through boot camp during the second world war in biloxi mississippi . from the play by neil simon .
saxophone player charlie parker comes to new york in . he is quickly noticed for his remarkable way of playing . he becomes a drug addict but his loving wife chan tries to help him .
a dark comedic series about disconnection and desensitization . the one thing the blob will not allow is something outside it .
the lovely young star of a broadway show is giving an interview to several newspaper writers and tells them about her wild life parts of which involved "hula dancing " in africa and an involvement with a dangerous portuguese smuggler . unbeknownst to her the smuggler has showed up at the theater on that very night .
when a crass new -money tycoon 's membership application is turned down at a snooty country club he retaliates by buying the club and turning it into a tacky amusement park .
a hustling drug addict checks himself into rehab to escape trouble with the law and realizes that it 's exactly what he needs .
after leaving the army brian flanagan tries to get a marketing job in new york city . but without a college degree this was not possible . he then decides to start studying for a business degree at the local city college and gets a part time job as a bartender . he realizes that its not that easy but his new boss douglas coughlin teaches him the secrets of the bar trade and they become the most famous bartenders in town . both brian and doug coughlin want their own top class cocktail bars someday and brian 's cocktail bar is to be called 'cocktails & dreams '. inorder to get the necessary money to open it brian travels to jamaica to work as a bartender at a resort tiki bar and the pay is good . there he meets jordan mooney a young and pretty up and coming american artist on vacation with her girlfriend from new york city staying at the island resort . jordan and brian spend some quality time together and fall in love . but brian takes a dare from his old buddy doug coughlin to sleep with an older woman who is also staying at the resort . jordan herself the daughter of wealthy parents back in new york city leaves the island overnight after seeing brian and the older woman together after closing ... will jordan ever forgive brian and will they get back together ?
a confident young cop is shown the ropes by a veteran partner in the dangerous gang -controlled barrios of l .a. about to explode in violence in this look at the gang culture enforced by the colors that members wear .
an extremely pampered african prince travels to queens new york city and goes undercover to find a wife whom he can respect for her intelligence and will .
the escaped delinquent john w . burns jr . replaces dr . maitlin on a radio show saying he 's the psychiatrist lawrence baird . his tactless radio show is a hit and he becomes very popular . but then dr . maitlin meets the real dr . lawrence baird at a congress in london ...
oldman plays a lawyer who defends a killer but soon after he wins he finds out that the killer is guilty .
a massive ball of furry creatures from another world eat their way through a small mid -western town followed by intergalactic bounty hunters opposed only by militant townspeople .
a batch of unhatched critter eggs are mistaken for easter eggs by the country -folk inhabitants of grover 's bend and before long the ferocious furballs are on the rampage again .
isabelle 's life revolves around the new york bookshop she works in and the intellectual friends of both sexes she meets there . her grandmother remains less than impressed and decides to hire a good old -fashioned jewish matchmaker to help isabelle 's love -life along . enter pickle -maker sam who immediately takes to isabelle . she however is irritated by the whole business at least to start with .
dexter cornell an english professor becomes embroiled in a series of murders involving people around him . dexter has good reason to want to find the murderer but hasn 't much time . he finds help and comfort from one of his students sydney fuller .
harry callahan - or dirty harry as he is known from the previous four movies in this series - is investigating a strange betting game . a list of local celebrities has been handed out and bets are being taken on who will be the first to die . things start to get interesting when the name 'harry callahan ' appears on the list .
two con men try to settle their rivalry by betting on who can swindle a young american heiress out of first .
tired of her husband 's philanderous ways the mother of two daughters drowns her husband . with the reluctant help of the local coroner the murder is obscured . her daughters are having similar problems with relationships and tend to follow their mother 's example and the coroner becomes reluctantly duplicitous . as the plot progresses visual and spoken numbers appear in the scenes counting from one to .
an obnoxious and bumbling but well -meaning man attempts to help santa claus find a successor . failure wouild mean that there would be no christmas .
louisiana football star gavin grey had it all . he was an all -american champion who married his high -school sweetheart homecoming queen babs rogers and who was a hero to his hometown . yet after a failed professional career gavin realizes that fame and success have passed him by and that he no longer is the hero everyone keeps reminding him he should still be . his dissatisfaction with his life leads to strains in his marriage and gavin begins to wonder who he is if he 's not a hero anymore .
in a hotel room in paris a doctor comes out of the shower and finds that his wife has disappeared . he soon finds himself caught up in a world of intrigue espionage gangsters drugs and murder .
the story of dian fossey a scientist who came to africa to study the vanishing mountain gorillas and later fought to protect them .
a father attempts to reconnect with his teenage son on a canoe trip destined for trouble .
when peter plunkett 's irish castle turned hotel is about to be repossesed he decides to spice up the attraction a bit for the 'yanks' by having his staff pretend to haunt the castle . the trouble begins when a busload of american tourists arrive - along with some real ghosts . among the tourists are married couple jack and sharon . sharon 's father holds the mortgage on castle plunkett so she 's hoping to debunk the ghosts . jack on the other hand after meeting pretty ghost mary is very eager to believe . can there be love between a human and ghost ? jack and mary are going to try and find out .
set in lisbon portugal at an institute for the blind where children are taught to live with their disability to not take risks and to be comfortable at all times . ian a non -conformist teacher who is also blind is hired at the school and introduces revolutionary methods : rejecting the use of a cane ian teaches the children to achieve spatial orientation by using all of their senses including moving by the resonance of sound vibrations (echolocation) instinct and the creative use of their imagination . confident and even slightly over -aggressive ian charms the children and gives them a reason to hope though they are always testing and questioning him to prove that he is one of them and never seem quite convinced of his sincerity . ian 's sessions take place right under the window of eva (alexandra maria lara ) an adult patient who never leaves her room and does not speak to anybody . surprisingly she becomes one of his most responsive students and there is even a hint of romance . the two bond as they begin to trust each other . together they visit a caf (where she flirts with a young man ) walk along the harbor and cross busy streets without any aids other than their ability to listen for the sounds of vehicles footsteps or other obstacles in their path . they are followed by serrano a young blind boy whom ian asks to use his imagination to "see" a ship in the harbor . the new teacher is challenged by the school doctor and head teacher of the school (francis frappat ) who is concerned that he is giving the children the illusion of hope ...
it 's recruiting time and despite being short and scrawny johnny walker is america 's hottest young football prospect . his dilemma : should he take one of the many offers from college talent ...
scottish archaeologist angus flint discovers an odd skull amid the ruins of a convent that he is excavating . shortly thereafter lady sylvia marsh returns to temple house a nearby mansion ...
an orphaned brontosaurus named littlefoot sets off in search of the legendary great valley . a land of lush vegetation where the dinosaurs can thrive and live in peace . along the way he meets four other young dinosaurs each one a different species and they encounter several obstacles as they learn to work together in order to survive .
a teen decides to go for a night on the town with his friends despite flunking his driver 's test .
roy parmenter is a veteran fbi agent who has spent the last years trying to find the russian agent who killed his partner whom he calls scuba . when a couple of deep cover russian agents are killed parmenter thinks scuba is the one doing it . the russians who have received word from scuba that if they want him to stop they have to pay him . so they send a veteran russian agent karpov to stop him . parmenter was tasked with performing background checks on people applying for certain things requiring security clearance and when he comes across jeffrey grant who 's applying to the air force academy he discovers that his parents ' info is false . he also learns of karpov coming into the country and suspects that he is here to stop scuba and that karpov went to the city where jeffrey and his family live so he decides to keep an eye on jeffrey and his family .
amid national chaos and fear for his life tyrannical king gwanghae orders his trusted councilor heo kyun to find a royal body double . he hires ha -seon a peasant mimic who bears a perfect resemblance to the king . when king gwanghae collapses from a mysterious poison ha -seon reluctantly becomes a king . he must follow his conscience to save his country from collapse avoid assassination and pull off the biggest masquerade in history . k
in milagro a small town in the american southwest ladd devine plans to build a major new resort development . while activist ruby archuleta and lawyer /newspaper editor charlie bloom ...
little known actor jack noah is working on location in the country of parador at the time the dictator dies . the dictator 's right hand man roberto makes jack an offer he cannot refuse .. to play the dictator . jack 's acting skills fool the masses but not close friends and employees of the dictator .
an alien is sent on a secret mission to earth where she appears as a gorgeous attractive and single lady . her mission is to make contact with a rather nerdy young scientist who 's quite overwhelmed by her attentions and isn 't aware of the connection between her arrival and his work .
a charming womanizer has to find a way to get to elope to hawaii with his one true love or else go to his father 's chosen business school .
mcgriff and albaby are probably doing the worst law enforcement job in the world - they are plain clothes u .s. military policemen on duty in war -time saigon . however their job becomes even ...
out of rosenheim (bagdad caf ) is a look into the minds and lives of some people most of us have met but few of us know much about . this movie exemplifies how one person in the right place can affect a community of lives . the adlons seem to express the view that all change and "magic" comes from hard work and mutual acceptance . a well -crafted view of the lives of tourists everywhere and the difficulties they can face . a whimsical and lovingly photographed look at the vast wasteland that is too often ignored by much of humanity .
arnold schwarzenegger plays a russian policeman sent after a georgian drug dealer who has escaped to the united states and is awaiting extradition in chicago . jim belushi plays his temporary partner on the chicago police . when the drug dealer escapes the two police must overcome their differences in order to recapture him .
retrospective documentary about the making of "return of the living dead part ii ."
when a bumbling pair of employees at a medical supply warehouse accidentally release a deadly gas into the air the vapors cause the dead to re -animate as they go on a rampage through louisville kentucky seeking their favorite food brains .
young jim craig returns to his home in the australian high country . he finds that things are not as he left them - his girlfriend is being pursued by another man and her father doesn 't want jim back into her life .
jim craig has lived his first years in the mountains of australia on his father 's farm . the death of his father forces him to go to the low lands to earn enough money to get the farm back on its feet . kirk douglas plays two roles as twin brothers who haven 't spoken for years one of whom was jim 's father 's best friend and the other of whom is the father of the girl he wants to marry . a year old feud re -erupts catching jim and jessica in the middle of it as jim is accused of letting a prize stallion loose .
the eldest son of a fugitive family comes of age and wants to live a life of his own .
late on guy fawkes day oscar wilde arrives at a high -class brothel where a surprise awaits : a staging of his play "salome" with parts played by prostitutes wilde 's host his lover bosey and lady alice . the movie moves between the play and wilde 's night . in the play herod begs his pubescent step -daughter salome to dance for him promising her anything she desires . her mother herodias objects . salome is stung by john the baptist 's rejection of her affections . the prophet 's scolding celibacy puts him between the expressed desire of age and youth . wilde dallies with a young man as he watches the show provoking bosey 's jealousy . two surprises await us .
fatherless barrio puertorican rico is a menial car mechanic by day but lives for the nights when he dances and dates hot dancing girls cockily convinced the title of salsa king in fancy ...
in after a successful research in amazonas dr . dennis alan from harvard is invited by the president of a boston pharmaceutics industry andrew cassedy to travel to haiti to investigate the case of a man named christophe that died in and has apparently returned to life . andrew wants samples of the voodoo drug that was used in christophe to be tested with the intention of producing a powerful anesthetic . dr . alan travels to meet dr . marielle duchamp that is treating christophe and arrives in haiti in a period of revolution . soon alan is threatened by the chief of the feared tonton macuse dargent peytraud who is a torturer and powerful witch . alan learns that death is not the end in the beginning of his journey to hell .
sidney poitier returned to the big screen in this action -thriller after a decade -long absence . when a cunning murderer vanishes into the rugged mountains of the pacific northwest pursuing fbi agent warren stantin (poitier) must exchange familiar city streets for unknown wilderness trails . completely out of his element stantin is forced to enlist the aid of expert tracker jonathan knox (platoon's tom berenger ). the killer has infiltrated a guided hiking trip led by knox 's girlfriend sarah (kirstie alley at the height of her cheers fame ). viewers don 't know which of the hikers is the killer and the tension lasts well into the movie .
when number five is sent from newton and stephanie 's ranch to the big city to help ben with his electronics business he finds that his robotic talents are wanted by city low -life who want to turn number five into profits .
number one of a group of experimental military robots undergoes a sudden transformation after being struck by lightning . he develops self -awareness consciousness and a fear of the reprogramming that awaits him back at the factory . with the help of a young woman number tries to evade capture and convince his creator that he has truly become alive .
rex and saskia a young couple in love are on vacation . they stop at a busy service station and saskia is abducted . after three years and no sign of saskia rex begins receiving letters from the abductor .
a television news chief courts his anchorwoman ex -wife with an eleventh -hour story .
a strange man known only as the "metal fetishist " who seems to have an insane compulsion to stick scrap metal into his body is hit and possibly killed by a japanese "salaryman" out for a drive with his girlfriend . the salaryman then notices that he is being slowly overtaken by some kind of disease that is turning his body into scrap metal and that his nemesis is not in fact dead but is somehow masterminding and guiding his rage and frustration -fueled transformation .
nada a down -on-his-luck construction worker discovers a pair of special sunglasses . wearing them he is able to see the world as it really is : people being bombarded by media and government with messages like "stay asleep " "no imagination " "submit to authority ". even scarier is that he is able to see that some usually normal -looking people are in fact ugly aliens in charge of the massive campaign to keep humans subdued .
tony award -winning actor and playwright harvey fierstein re -creates his role as the unsinkable arnold beckoff in this film adaptation of the smash broadway play torch song trilogy . a very personal story that is both funny and poignant torch song trilogy chronicles a new yorker 's search for love respect and tradition in a world that seems not especially made for him . from arnold 's hilarious steps toward domestic bliss with a reluctant school teacher to his first truly promising love affair with a young fashion model arnold 's greatest challenge remains his complicated relationship with his mother . but armed with a keenly developed sense of humor and oftentimes piercing wit arnold continues to test the commonly accepted terms of endearment --and endurance --in a universally affecting story that confirms that happiness is well worth carrying a torch for .
julius and vincent benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child . julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions . vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature . vincent is placed in an orphanage while julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers . vincent becomes the ultimate lowlife and is about to be killed by loan sharks when julius discovers that he has a brother and begins looking for him .
on returning from a buying trip abroad for the department store in which he works marshall finds he is in possession of a strange ornamental skull . marshall is divorced and is looking after his son charlie for a few days . the skull has special powers and when marshall and charlie simultaneously wish they were each others age father and son exchange bodies . now charlie has to go to work and marshall to school . charlie also has to deal with marshall 's girlfriend . if that weren 't enough a pair of smugglers are in pursuit of the skull .
based on a novel by dean koontz . a boy takes in a stray dog later finding out that its an ultra -intelligent runaway from a genetic research lab . unknow to him the dog is being stalked by another escaped creature thats not quite so friendly .
a waxwork museum comes to town and a mysterious man invites some teens to come to a special showing at midnight . once inside while viewing different exhibits the scenes come alive and the viewer is sucked into the story being portrayed .
a drunken sherlock holmes is really just a cover for the real detective - dr watson .
albert einstein is the son of a tasmanian apple farmer who discovers the secret of splitting the beer atom to put the bubbles back into beer . when albert travels to sydney to patent his invention he meets beautiful french scientist marie curie as well as several unscrupulous types who try to take advantage of the naive genius and his invention .
a romantic adventure about a legendary pilot 's passion for dare -devil firefighting and his girl .
joe armstrong an orphaned drifter will little respect for much other than martial arts finds himself on an american army base in the philippines after a judge gives him a choice of enlistment or prison . on one of his first missions driving a convoy his platoon is attacked by a group of rebels who try to steal the weapons the platoon is transporting and kidnap patricia the base colonel 's daughter who happens to be along for the ride . joe rescues patricia and gets her safely back to the base but everyone else in the platoon is killed leading his superiors to conclude that joe is guilty of cowardice collaboration or simple incompetence . at the same time the rebel leader vows revenge against the serviceman who disrupted his plans and sends an army of ninjas to assassinate him and bring back patricia . if he wants to survive and save the girl joe 's going to have to draw on every last ounce of his training .
on a remote caribbean island army ranger joe armstrong investigates the disappearance of several marines which leads him to the lion a super -criminal who has kidnapped a local scientist and mass -produced an army of mutant ninja warriors .
jackson is back and now he has a new partner karate champion sean as they must face a deadly terrorist known as "the cobra " who has infected sean with a virus . sean and jackson have no ...
team usa gets rid of personal ghosts while fighting team korea in taekwondo championship . "adversity overcome " formula with excellent fighting scenes .
andrea is a successful photographer who 's been openly gay for a significant period of time . ella is attempting to break into the art scene and has recently entered into a relationship with andrea her first lesbian experience . while photographing ella andrea suggests taking their relationship to the next level .
two seemingly dumb teens struggle to prepare a historical presentation with the help of a time machine .
two new york cops get involved in a gang war between members of the yakuza the japanese mafia . they arrest one of their killers and are ordered to escort him back to japan . in japan however he manages to escape . as they try to track him down they get deeper and deeper into the japanese mafia scene and they have to learn that they can only win by playing the game the japanese way .
this movie tells the story of the latter years of earl long a flamboyant governor of louisiana . the aging earl an unapologetic habitue of strip joints falls in love with young stripper blaze starr . when earl and blaze move in together earl 's opponents use this to attack his controversial political program which included civil rights for blacks in the 's. can earl keep blaze and retain control of the state ?
during the vietnam war a girl is taken from her village by five american soldiers . four of the soldiers rape her but the fifth refuses . the young girl is killed . the fifth soldier is determined that justice will be done . the film is more about the realities of war rather than this single event .
this is a fiercely tender sparkly sleeper gem with stellar cast about spirituality the unconditional nature of the soul mate loyalty and love and an alternate view to death .
the lives of a crusty old scientist and a bratty teen michael -jackson-wannabe are about to intersect in a paranormal way . coleman ettinger seeks to break down the door of reality through studied dreaming ; bobby keller wants lainie diamond the girlfriend of his high school friend joel a handsome school jock . as coleman persuades his wife gena to join his experiments an accident knocks their bodies out of existence along with bobby 's consciousness . coleman 's consciousness winds up in bobby 's body while gena 's ends up buried and asleep inside lainie 's. only when sleeping can coleman contact bobby and elicit his help in putting things back except that bobby smugly prefers limbo over his aggravated life as a modern teenager .
series following the ups and down of fictional english premiership club 'harchester united ' known more commonly as 'the dragons '.
a southern california girl befriends three furry aliens after their spaceship lands in her swimming pool .
they say rock 'n' roll never dies but early one morning in eddie wilson 's car took a dive off a new jersey bridge with the troubled rock idol at the wheel . his body was never found . twenty years after the lead singer of eddie and the cruisers disappeared the band 's songs are hotter than ever . and renewed interest in the band leads television reporter maggie foley to pursue a tantalizing mystery : what if eddie is still alive ? the circumstances surrounding his death are just shadowy enough to make it a distinct possibility and someone (could it be eddie ?) has been ransacking the homes of the surviving band members in a desperate search for tapes of the group 's visionary never -released album . as maggie interviews the former band members the pieces of the puzzle start to fit ... but only until still deeper mysteries begin to surface .
two best friends grow up into two different worlds -- one becomes a cop while the other becomes a criminal .
erik the viking gathers warriors from his village and sets out on a dangerous journey to valhalla to ask the gods to end the age of ragnorok and allow his people to see sunlight again . a pythonesque satire of viking life .
jessie is an aging career criminal who has been in more jails fights schemes and lineups than just about anyone else . his son vito while currently on the straight and narrow has had a fairly shady past and is indeed no stranger to illegal activity . they both have great hope for adam vito 's son and jessie 's grandson who is bright good -looking and without a criminal past . so when adam approaches jessie with a scheme for a burglary he 's shocked but not necessarily uninterested .
a smart first -year med student takes nothing seriously except the pursuit of his gross anatomy (human dissection ) lab partner . it 's up to her and their teacher to find a way to convince ...
during the a new york illegal gambling house owner and his associates must deal with strong competition gangsters and corrupt cops in order to stay in business .
a writer of bad detective novels is in full writers ' block . he pretends to be the alibi of a beautiful woman who was arrested for murder at first thinking her innocent but as she shows ...
dennis dimbleby bagley is a brilliant young advertising executive who can 't come up with a slogan to sell a revolutionary new pimple cream . his obsessive worrying affects not only his relationship with his wife his friends and his boss but also his own body - graphically demonstrated when he grows a large stress -related boil on his shoulder . but when the boil grows eyes and a mouth and starts talking bagley really begins to think he 's lost his mind . but has he ?
linda and michael married for ten years desperately want a baby and turn to an adoption agency which introduces them to lucy a teenage girl expecting her first baby . the three agree that ...
jimmie rainwood was minding his own business when two corrupt police officers (getting an address wrong ) burst into his house expecting to find a major drug dealer . rainwood is shot and ...
a whimsical thought poem about a guy pondering his new year 's resolutions .
kurt sloane must learn the ancient kick boxing art of muay thai in order to avenge his brother .
set in brooklyn during the against a backdrop of union corruption and violence . a prostitute falls in love with one of her customers . also a disturbed man discovers that he is ...
the dedicated but tyrannical joe clark is appointed the principal of a decaying inner -city school that he is determined to improve .
a nosy cab driver gets a hot tip on a race horse and wins big but he can 't seem to stop gambling . will he go broke or walk home with a pretty penny ?
on the outskirts of a small coastal town in the barents sea where whales sometimes come to its bay lives an ordinary family : kolya (aleksey serebryakov ) his wife lilya (elena lyadova ) and their teenage son romka . the family is haunted by a local corrupted mayor (roman madyanov ) who is trying to take away the land a house and a small auto repair shop from kolya . to save their homes kolya calls his old army friend in moscow (vladimir vdovichenkov ) who has now become an authoritative attorney . together they decide to fight back and collect dirt on the mayor .
a child meets the monster that lives under his bed . he even becomes one of his best friends . soon the child discovers a whole new world of fun and games under his bed where pulling pranks on kids and other monsters is the main attraction .
mollie is a single mum who 's on the lookout for a reliable and normal boyfriend . her son mikey (unbeknownst to her ) seems to have a better idea of which of the men she dates would make a good father figure ! if only she could understand him ...
college sophomore randy bodek is unfocused . the only thing he knows is that he loves his roommate jenny gordon who feels unappreciated as other things in his life seem to take precedence over her . he hasn 't even told his parents diane and joe bodek that he is living with a female let alone a significant other . as such jenny breaks up with him at the end of the semester . while randy is home during the summer break joe against diane 's wishes decides not to fund randy 's college education anymore as he is flunking all his classes and hasn 't yet declared a major . not knowing what to do besides try to get back to college if only to be with jenny randy gets a minimum wage job as a delivery guy at a pizza joint . during the course of his job he meets alex barnett a beautiful older sophisticated woman who likes pizzas with extra anchovies . to his surprise she seduces him after their sexual encounter which she gives him to help him get back to college . without telling him she ends up telling her neglected married female friends about randy . as such the pizza joint starts getting a lot of orders for pizzas with extra anchovies . although randy balks at the notion of being a stud for hire he eventually goes along with it if only as a means to pay for his college tuition and be able to get back to jenny . through the process he finds that most of the women just want companionship romance and attention which he ends up being able to provide and which he didn 't provide in a meaningful way to jenny . there is the potential problem of anyone finding out what is happening mainly his boss angry jealous husbands his parents and most specifically jenny who may have other guys waiting in the wings . meanwhile his parents on the eve of their twentieth wedding anniversary are facing their own marital problems focused primarily on randy problems which diane may feel can be solved by a pizza with extra anchovies .
the new owner of the cleveland indians puts together a purposely horrible team so they 'll lose and she can move the team . but when the plot is uncovered they start winning just to spite her .
multiple animals and insects experience the sleazier side of show business while working on a variety show .
a former fbi profiler moves his family from washington dc to seattle where he joins the millennium group a mysterious organization of former law enforcement officers committed to battling a crime wave which grows as the turn of the millennium approaches .
a young man meets and falls in love with a young woman at the la brea tar pits in los angeles . this area is known as miracle mile and the whole movie takes place there . they make a date which he misses and while he is searching for her he accidentally finds out that we (the united states ) are about to start a nuclear war with the soviet union . he frantically searches for her so that they can escape los angeles .
carnelle isn 't happy with her life so in order to improve herself she enters a local beauty contest trying to emulate her cousin elain 's win many years ago . few think she can win even ...
a middle -aged artist obsessed with his pretty young assistant a precocious year old living in a hotel and a neurotic lawyer with a possessive mother make up three gotham tales .
truman a chicago cop sets out to find the killer of his brother . meanwhile another of his brothers briar (a hillbilly ) decides to find the killer himself .
rip is the world wrestling federation champion who is faithful to his fans and the network he wrestles for . brell the new head of the world television network wants rip to wrestle for his network . rip refuses and goes back to his normal life . still looking for a way to raise ratings brell initiates a show called "the battle of the tough guys " a violent brawling competition . a mysterious man zeus wins the competition . this gets brell to use him as an angle to get at rip .
johnny gallagher a sergeant is sent from germany with a prisoner . the prisoner escapes from the men 's room at national airport and hackman begins his search for his man . enlisting the help of his ex -wife and various old friends he finds that the prisoner is part of a plot by senior military personnel on both sides to kill a very high -ranking world figure in order to sabotage arms control talks .
penn & teller enjoy playing jokes on each other . when penn says on an interview show that he wishes he has someone threatening his life so that he "wouldn't sweat the small stuff " each of them begins a series of pranks on the other to suggest a real threat . then they find that a real psychopath is interested in them .
a decidedly odd couple with ulterior motives convince dr . alan grant to go to isla sorna (the second ingen dinosaur lab .) resulting in an unexpected landing ...and unexpected new inhabitants on the island .
a movie publicist deals with the messy public split of his movie 's co -stars while keeping reporters at bay while a reclusive director holds the film 's print hostage .
a japanese yakuza gangster is exiled to the united states . takeshi settles in los angeles where his younger half brother lives and finds that although the turf is new the rules are still the same as they try to take over the local drug trade .
with only the plan of moving in together after high school two unusually devious friends seek direction in life . as a mere gag they respond to a man 's newspaper ad for a date only to find it will greatly complicate their lives .
hedwig born a boy named hansel in east berlin fell in love with an american g .i. and underwent a sex -change operation in order to marry him and flee to the west . unfortunately nothing worked out quite as it was supposed to - years later hedwig is leading her rock band on a tour of the u .s. telling her life story through a series of concerts at bilgewater inn seafood restaurants . her tour dates coincide with those of arena -rock star tommy gnosis a wide -eyed boy who once loved hedwig ... but then left with all her songs .
it is the year : astronaut leo davidson boards a pod cruiser on a space station for a "routine" reconnaissance mission . but an abrupt detour through a space time wormhole lands him on a strange planet where talking apes rule over the human race . with the help of a sympathetic chimpanzee activist named ari and a small band of human rebels leo leads the effort to evade the advancing gorilla army led by general thade and his most trusted warrior attar . now the race is on to reach a sacred temple within the planet 's forbidden zone to discover the shocking secrets of mankind 's past - and the key to its future .
after being forgotten in a highway caf during a bus trip a housewife decides to start a new life by herself in venice .
the setting is camp firewood the year . it 's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world but there 's still a summer 's worth of unfinished business to resolve . at the center of the action is camp director beth who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor . he is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of nasa 's skylab which is hurtling toward earth . all that plus : a dangerous waterfall rescue love triangles misfits cool kids and talking vegetable cans . the questions will all be resolved of course at the big talent show at the end of the day .
the swamp thing returns to battle the evil dr . arcane who has a new science lab full of creatures transformed by genetic mutation and chooses heather locklear as his new object of affection .
dalton is the cooler in bars ; he backs up and directs the bouncers . he takes a job in a road house that has gotten far too rough . his attempts to clean things up put him in conflict with brad wesley the town bully and rich person . things heat up .
the life and work of archbishop oscar romero who opposed at great personal risk the tyrannical repression in el salvador .
a young man is confined in a mental hospital . through a flashback we see that he was traumatized as a child when he and his family were circus performers : he saw his father cut off the ...
when you get into trouble there 's only one person to call olivia pope . olivia is a professional 'fixer' who makes problems go away before anyone even knows they exist . for the moneyed the powerful and even the president olivia is a legend in her field . her spectacular success is mostly due to her unbreakable rule of always trust your gut . no matter how careful you are when you do damage control for a living you 're bound to cause some damage to your own life . she and her crew eat sleep live and breathe crisis . each week as the team races against the clock to defuse intriguing new problems before they become full -blown disasters they also have to deal with their own personal issues . they may call themselves 'gladiators in suits ' but little by little olivia and her crew begin to reveal the chinks in their armor .
the story of this social satire and soap parody follows two rich white upper class families living in beverly hills california . recently widowed claire is a once popular sitcom star who dreams of a hollywood comeback . she and her daughter zandra are not very close even though they live in the same house so she turns to her best friend lisbeth for comfort . lisbeth is a socialite with her own set of problems . her alcoholic husband howard left her for another woman . her son willie is terminally ill and hopelessly in love with zandra who doesn 't even notice him . lisbeth 's poor playwright brother peter is in love with claire even though he just got married in vegas to sassy to -bel a woman he barely knows . meanwhile claire 's houseboy juan and lisbeth 's bisexual chauffeur bet on which of the two will seduce his cougar boss first . several other plot points make things even more complicated . it turns out that to -bel has a secret past . the ghost of claire 's husband sidney starts haunting claire . juan keeps failing at his "mission" which terrifies him because he has to sleep with frank if he looses the bet . lisbeth 's ex husband keeps coming back into her life - when he gets too drunk to remember that they 're divorced . doctor mo van de kamp shows up to ask for donations for his charity hungry drive in africa but his honesty is questionable . mexican maid rosa speaks in non -sequitur. a housekeeper is brutally murdered . the doctor 's dog bo 'jangles is attracted to to -bel. a hypocritical wake is held and prejudice of both the upper class characters and the lower class characters is revealed . however there may still be hope for some of these horrible people .
a detective investigating a series of murders becomes involved with a woman who may be the culprit .
while investigating a call in an abandoned house officer frank williams and a rookie find a woman brutally blinded but they are attacked by a huge psychopath with an ax ; the rookie is killed and frank shoots the criminal in the head but has a severed arm . four years later the mutilated frank is relocated working as a guard in the county detention center . frank goes with some delinquents to the blackwell hotel an abandoned place since a fire burnt the last two floors with the purpose of cleaning the location preparing it to work as a shelter for the homeless ; in return the criminals will have their sentences reduced . during the night the inmate kira who has some christian tattoos on her body is kidnapped by the deranged serial -killer kane who collects the eyes of his victims while the rest of the group is attacked by the psychopath with his ax .
when an average -looking teenage girl gets a makeover it 's enough to turn make her father become overprotective of her .
shirley 's a middle -aged liverpool housewife who finds herself talking to the wall while she prepares her husband 's chip 'n'egg wondering what happened to her life . she compares scenes in ...
zach hutton is a womanizing drunken allelic writer whose life seems to be falling apart at the seams . he 's still in love with his ex -wife (whose family can 't stand him ) writer 's block is keeping him from completing his latest novel and he repeatedly finds himself in trouble of one sort or another with the law ex -girlfriends and jealous boyfriends .
eleanor lives with the artist stash . just like his artist friends he is completely unknown but is waiting for the big break . stash is mean to her and finally she leaves him . ironically ...
michael harding returns home from military school to find his mother happily in love and living with her new boyfriend david . as the two men get to know each other michael becomes more and more suspicious of the man who is always there with a helpful hand . is he really the man of her dreams or could david be hiding a dark side ?
two cops are framed and must clear their names .
just released from prison max washington must decide which of his previous professions to return to burglar or tap dancer .
on his first day after being released from jail for armed bank robberies lucas finds himself caught up in someone else 's robbery . perry has decided to hold up the local bank to raise ...
as phyllis a beverly hills housewife is in the middle of a divorce she tries to find focus in her life by taking over her daughter hannah 's wilderness girl troop . among the girls are ...
scott turner has days left in the local police department before he moves to a bigger city to get some "real" cases not just misdemeanors . then amos reed is murdered and scott turner sets himself on the case . the closest thing to a witness in the case is amos reed 's dog hooch which scott turner has to take care of if it 's going to avoid being "put to sleep ".
a local public station gets a new owner . the station becomes a hit with all sorts of hilarious sight gags and wacky humor .
as an idle good -natured bachelor uncle buck is the last person you would think of to watch the kids . however during a family crisis he is suddenly left in charge of his nephew and nieces . unaccustomed to suburban life fun -loving uncle buck soon charms his younger relatives miles and maizy with his hefty cooking and his new way of doing the laundry . his carefree style does not impress everyone though - especially his rebellious teenage niece tia and his impatient girlfriend chanice . with a little bit of luck and a lot of love uncle buck manages to surprise everyone in this heartwarming family comedy .
after an encounter with a neck -biter a publishing executive thinks that he 's turning into a vampire .
a married couple try everything to get each other to leave the house in a vicious divorce battle .
a warlock flees from the to the century with a witch -hunter in hot pursuit .
taylor is a man who has no problems with women . so confident is he that he accepts a challenge from his friends : he has to secure proposals of marriage from three women of their choice .
larry and richard use a voodoo -revived corpse to track down hidden money to clear their names .
a young british clerk in a gloomy north country undertaker 's office billy is bombarded daily by the propaganda of the media that all things are for the asking . this transparently false doctrine coupled with the humdrum job and his wild imagination leads him on frequent flights to "ambrosia" a mythical kingdom where he is crowned king general lover or any idealized hero the real situation of the moment makes him desire . his vacillating commitment and post -adolescent immaturity have created situations which make ambrosia all the more attractive . he 's succeeded in becoming engaged to two different girls simultaneously while in love with a third liz . he 's in hot water with his employer having spent a rather large sum of postage money on his personal frivolities . and last but not least his dream of becoming a highly -paid famous scriptwriter in london seems doomed to failure . the only person in his life capable of bringing him down to earth is liz and she 's having a difficult time of it . finally he gets his life sufficiently in order to leave for london with his true love . billy still hasn 't come to grips with the real world by the end of the film . he leaves the train to buy milk from a vending machine and watches the train slowly pull out for london with liz aboard . he returns to the more comfortable shelter of his parents home ambrosia and his imagination .
a young jesuit priest seeks to convert the indian tribes in canada while also trying to survive the harsh winter .
the cotton club was a famous night club in harlem . the story follows the people that visited the club those that ran it and is peppered with the jazz music that made it so famous .
two men and a woman circle the globe in a satellite armed with a nuclear device . the third world war breaks out and a few months later the satellite crashes . they survive the crash but one man gets killed by survivors and the other man gets caught . the woman stays by the remains of the the satellite but is soon caught by evil punks who have taken power .
the film talks about a family that weathers all sorts of disasters and keeps going in spite of it all . it is noted for its wonderful assortment of oddball characters .
a newly arrived governor finds his province under the control of the corrupt colonel huerta . to avoid assassination by huerta he pretends to be weak and indecisive so huerta will believe he poses no threat . but secretly he masquerades as zorro and joins the monk francisco and the beautiful aristocrat ortensia in their fight for justice against huerta and his soldiers .
charming country bumpkin duane bradley takes a motel room in new york with a basket and a backpack . in a flash back -series we learn the basket contains his surgically removed siamese twin who is not only physically deformed so badly the doctors hesitated to consider him a human but is also the vindictive drive of their trip with the purpose to kill off all those he blames . but in the reception of one of those doctors duane gets his first ever date with the receptionist and wants to start a positive life too - when the freak twin escapes the scene is set for a grim finale .
i quattro figli della signora flynn si riuniscono a glasgow nella casa materna in occasione dei funerali della madre morta di recente . l 'indomani mattina ci sar la cerimonia funebre e mentre un violento temporale si abbatte sulla citt i congiunti si preparano a trascorrere una notte molto difficile . i rapporti fra di loro si fanno pi violenti man mano che le ore passano : bisogna accettare il lutto e cercare di ritrovare rapporti familiari ed affettivi ormai scomparsi da tempo .
when a man selects a mail order bride he is surprised to see the beauty who appears before him . she alleges that she sent false photos to him to assure that he would love her for what she is and not for her beauty . however what she is is a con artist prostitute and actress who teams with a fellow actor to steal money from men . what she does not expect is that she falls in love with her new husband and ultimately must decide between him and her sadistic former lover . contains explicit sex including sadistic acts as thomas jane cuts jolie 's back with a knife as part of their lovemaking .
mia thermopolis has just found out that she is the heir apparent to the throne of genovia . with her friends lilly and michael moscovitz in tow she tries to navigate through the rest of her year .
carter and lee head to hong kong for vacation but become embroiled in a counterfeit money scam .
a woman and her daughter open a chocolate shop in a small french village that shakes up the rigid morality of the community .
sean mercer (played by john wayne ) runs a business in east africa . he and his team capture wild animals for zoos . it is dangerous work - on of his men almost dies after being gored by a rhino . he accepts a request from a photographer to join his business and capture their experiences but is very surprised and bit inconvenienced when the photographer turns out to be a woman . however over time he grows fond of her . meanwhile plans to capture certain animals lead to all sorts of plans and adventures .
two gay men living in st . tropez have their lives turned upside down when the son of one of the men announces he is getting married . they try to conceal their lifestyle and their ownership of the drag club downstairs when the fiance and her parents come for dinner .
sequel to la cage aux folles has homosexual nightclub owner renato and his transvesitite companion /lover albin becoming involved with the local cops and foreign spies when albin unwittingly gets his hands on a role of stolen microfilm . the gay couple then hide out in renato 's native italy but find little peace there with their frequent bickering among themselves .
two unlikely prospector partners share the same wife in a california gold rush mining town .
a dying gunfighter spends his last days looking for a way to die with a minimum of pain and a maximum of dignity .
a woman finds herself lost wandering in the streets . she remembers nothing . she reaches a hotel . the mystery has begun .an old film reminds her of something . does she know this hotel ? has she ever been there ? who are these twin men ? the things which happen accidentally . everything is connected . may be not . the confidence in strangers . people 's deep darkness . the death of the and the loss of innocence . the search of identity as a means of survival . the end as the beginning . the sound of the theremin ...
since malibu brat poppy moore 's mom passed away she has pushed her rich usually absent dad gerry shamelessly . when his patience wears out she 's shipped off to her mother 's former english boarding school for girls abbey mount . on her first day she makes enemies of most dorm mates especially dominant lacrosse school captain harriet and of staff disciplinarian mrs . kingsley . unwilling to accept the strict regime she decides to misbehave and take the blame for everyone until she 's dismissed . the school only appealing feature for her is kingsley 's dashing son freddie . when the dream prince transfers his favor from ambitious uptight harriet to unruly poppy that changes everything .
a harvard scientist conducts experiments on himself with a hallucinatory drug and an isolation chamber that may be causing him to regress genetically .
philo takes part in a bare knuckle fight - as he does - to make some more money than he can earn from his car repair business . he decides to retire from fighting but when the mafia come along and arrange another fight he is pushed into it . a motorcycle gang and an orangutan called clyde all add to the 'fun'.
the setting is vienna . a young american woman is brought to a hospital after overdosing on pills apparently in a suicide attempt . a police detective suspects foul play on the part of her lover an american psychology professor . as doctors try to save her life the detective interrogates the professor and through flashbacks we see the events leading up to the woman 's overdose ; her stormy and intensely sexual relationship with the professor her heavy drinking and numerous affairs and her estrangement from her czech husband . a darkly erotic study of several rather unsympathetic characters .
a young asian american martial artist is forced to participate in a brutal formal street -fight competition .
in this sequel to the hit comedy american pie the high school students are now in college . these close friends decide to meet up at the beach house for some fun .
a policeman white blood cell with the help of a cold pill must stop a deadly virus from destroying the human they live in frank .
jos a systems engineer discovers in his skin the signs of 'lytomiasis' a non yet classified mysterious disease where the body is totally covered by a second skin of voracious bacteria ...
when a midwest town learns that a corrupt railroad baron has captured the deeds to their homesteads without their knowledge a group of young ranchers join forces to take back what is ...
all over the guy is a contemporary romantic comedy about the quest to find the "one" when "the one " doesn 't know he 's the "one." it explores the unlikely pairing of two -somethings thrown together by their respective best friends in hopes of igniting their own romance . they do everything they can to not fall in love but finally they overcome the dysfunction of their parents and surrender to their hearts .
-year-old mike takes a job at the local swimming baths where he becomes obsessed with an attractive young woman susan who works there as an attendant . although susan has a fianc mike does his best to sabotage the relationship to the extent of stalking both her and her fianc . mike becomes increasingly desperate to have susan for himself with tragic results .
on the edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center .
tensions rise within an asbestos cleaning crew as they work in an abandoned mental hospital with a horrific past that seems to be coming back .
when a fisherman leaves to fight with the greek army during wwii his fiancee falls in love with the local italian commander .
a las vegas casino magnate determined to find a new avenue for wagering sets up a race for money .
yusuf is released from prison after serving a ten -year sentence . he is scared of life outside as he goes to an address given to him by another prisoner .
a young man who was born without an immune system and has lived his life within a plastic bubble in his bedroom finds out that the woman he has loved since childhood is about to be married ...
cw briggs is a veteran insurance investigator with many successes . betty ann fitzgerald is a new employee in the company he works for with the task of reorganizing the office . they don 't like each other - or at least that 's what they think . during a night out with the rest of the office employees they go to watch voltan a magician who secretly hypnotizes both of them in order to use them for his dirty schemes . the next evening already briggs makes his first robbery and when he wakes up in the morning he has no memory of it . things get really complicated when he starts investigating the case . will he be able to uncover ... himself ?
the comic 'bluntman and chronic ' is based on real -life stoners jay and silent bob so when they get no profit from a big -screen adaptation they set out to wreck the movie .
years in the future a martian police unit is sent to pick up a highly dangerous criminal at a remote mining post . upon arrival the cops find that the post has become a charnel house .
ryan dunne a nice high -school kid who works hard mowing lawns for dad sean 's firm is caught between loyalty to sir who cynically believes neither of his sons will even climb the social ladder and big brother mike who scolds ryan 's lack of ambition to go all the way to be recruiter for for a baseball college scholarship which mike had to abandon due to a wound . to complicate matters he falls in love with a snob client 's daughter .
in a hungarian couple peter and margit are forced to flee from the oppressive communist country for the usa with their eldest daughter maria but are forced to leave behind their infant daughter suzanne who is raised by kindly foster couple . years later peter and margit arrange for the american red cross to bring suzanne to their new home in los angeles where the perplexed youth is forced to accept her sudden change in home and country which leads to a troubled growing up . at age the rebelious and unsure -of-herself suzanne tries to come to terms with her roots and decides to travel back to budapest hungary to find her true idenity .
ruby weaver has man trouble : she tries to fix them so she 's stuck herself with a string of losers . her current lover sam deed seems different : he 's sweet tender just in from dubuque . ...
sam and lucy bell are a married couple who seem to have it all : good looks successful careers and an enthusiastic love life . the only thing they lack is the one thing they want most - a baby . they try everything in their efforts to reproduce : new age chanting acupuncture creative lovemaking ... but all this hectic schedule achieves is improvement in their cardiovascular systems . ovulation charts soon replace spontaneity when the couple reluctantly deliver themselves into the hands of medical professionals . at the same time as sam comes to find his job increasingly unfulfilling he sets his sights on writing a screenplay but writer 's block strikes . encouraged to 'look within ' by his hippie friend druscilla sam is inspired : he will write a comedy about a couple trying for a baby ! but lucy is horrified at the idea and forbids him to tell their story . sam and lucy 's love for each other the most important thing they both have will now truly be put to the test ...with surprising results .
elisabeth leaves her abusive and drunken husband rolf she packs her bags takes the kids and goes to her brother gran . the year is and gran lives in a commune called together . ...
retired mexican -american chef martin naranjo shares an l .a. home with his three gorgeous but single adult daughters . though he long ago lost his ability to taste martin still lives to cook incredibly lavish dinners for his loved ones and to serve them in a family -style ritual at traditional sit -down meals . although the women humor their father 's old -fashioned ways each of them is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle . college student maribel is growing increasingly frustrated with the singles scene and wants a steady man ; gorgeous career woman carmen is fed up with her boyfriend and his wandering eye ; meanwhile eldest daughter letitia who has suppressed her own romantic longings senses something missing in her life . things take a turn for the romantic when dad a widower meets a vivacious divorcee on the lookout for a mate and each of his daughters in turn finds someone . but they 'll all discover that the recipe for happiness may call for some unexpected ingredients .
a brother and sister driving home through isolated countryside for spring break encounter a flesh -eating creature which is on the last day of its ritualistic eating spree .
tough coach duke goulding leaves nothing untried to lead his almost exclusively white boarding school basketball team the hawks to victory after victory but his own son hugo feels his polyvalent technical excellence and tireless efforts -which require using stimulants - are not getting anything like the recognition he deserves especially when coach gives the best player award to odin james the only black teammate even saying he loves odin like his own son who in turn only calls super -rich michael cassio to share in the honor . so hugo who is liked by everyone decides to set up the boys who stole his glory and he knows a cocky adolescent 's weak points are his pride and his girl . this dixie jago schemes to bring down a black othello and his cassio playing into the poisonous power of jealousy however badly this also hurts their loved ones and the whole team ...
each year three brothers samuel jeffrey and michael douglas visit their grandfather mori tanaka for the summer . mori is highly skilled in ninjutsu and for years he has trained the ...
during a championship baseball match the three brothers hear that their grandfather in japan is in trouble and head out to help him conceding the match . when they arrive in japan they must use all their powers to defend him against his ancient enemy who has returned to exact revenge .
in this movie rocky colt and tumtum must battle an evil wealthy toxic waste dumper in order to save a local indian tribe and their friend joe . the ninjas must help find joe 's father and ...
rick hunter is a renegade cop who breaks the rules and takes justice into his own hands . partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious sgt . mccall the tough -minded duo set out to crack down on l .a.'s slimiest criminals .
just when the streets seemed safe a serial killer with a fetish for scalps is back and on the hunt . frank is the withdrawn owner of a mannequin store but his life changes when young artist anna appears asking for his help with her new exhibition . as their friendship develops and frank 's obsession escalates it becomes clear that she has unleashed a long -repressed compulsion to stalk and kill .
two fraternity pledges go to a sleazy bar looking for strippers to entertain their college friends . they have problems with transportation biker gangs and worst of all the staff of the bar all of whom seem to be vampires with grace jones playing the head vampire .
while recovering from a tragic accident on the road the patrolman edward malus receives a letter from his former fiance willow who left him years ago without any explanation telling that her daughter rowan is missing . edward travels to the private island of summerisle where willow lives in an odd community that plant fruits and she reveals that rowan is actually their daughter . along his investigation with the hostile and unhelpful dwellers edward discloses that the locals are pagans practicing old rituals to improve their harvest and rowan is probably alive and being prepared to be sacrificed . when he locates the girl he finds also the dark truth about the wicker man .
handsome considerate high -school jock kyle harding is the only taste the wheaton sisters share . tall fashionable popular airhead big sister is dating him but fails to truly appreciate the young gentleman let alone contemplate a serious relationship . nerdy kid sister haley hates the waste and expresses her envy by thoughtlessly wishing at a 'shooting star ' (comet) to be alexia . to their stupor that happens the next morning . forced to live each -other's lives but unable to do it well by the other 's standards the sisters soon hate each -other even more and deliberately screw up . gradually they realize they would only both lose out learn to appreciate the other 's values and reconsider their own . remain the matters of obviously utterly confused kyle and new neighbor boy simon whose no longer secret crush on haley was confounded by alexia .
an old musketeer who meets a youth and some scoundrels on the road .
chris cole was born to rock . his longtime girlfriend emily believes his talent could take him all the way - but chris worships at the altar of bobby beers the fiery frontman for heavy metal legends steel dragon . by day chris still lives at home with his parents and spends his days repairing copy machines . but when chris takes the stage fronting pennsylvania 's premiere steel dragon tribute band all of that disappears . chris cole is bobby beers - mesmerizing audiences with his perfect imitation of beers ' electrifying vocals . the night his bandmates boot him out of the group chris is devastated - until an unexpected phone call changes his life forever : he chris cole has been tapped to replace bobby beers as the lead singer of steel dragon . in an instant chris rockets to the dizzying heights of sudden stardom rising from devotee to icon from rock fan to rock god - the wanna -be who got to be . so what happens when an average guy gets everything he wants - and discovers it 's not enough ?
a thirty -years traveling diamond salesman must mentor a brash young replacement when his company downsizes him .
the iron ladies tells the true story of a thai male volleyball team that competes in the national championships in with a team consisting mostly of gays transvestites and transsexuals . mon who becomes the team leader was a very talented player who constantly failed to be selected for various teams because he was gay . jung mon 's best friend also experienced the same treatment but was always more optimistic about things . their chance comes when coach bee is selected to put together a winning team and she announces that the team will be open for all to tryout . but when the coach selects both jung and mon to be on the team some of the more macho players resign in protest . in order to form a team the coach asks mon to find a few of his friends to join the team . they select nong a gay sergeant in the army ; pia the transsexual star of a cabaret show ; and wit whose parents don 't know that their only son is gay .
a -year-old long island boy loses everything and everyone he knows soon becoming involved in a relationship with a much older man .
the tempestuous love story between fernando an older man who has recently returned to his crime -ridden drug capitol hometown of medellin colombia and the gun -happy -year-old assassin alexis who murders all too easily . when alexis himself is fatally gunned down grief -stricken fernando hunts for his young lover 's killer in the medellin slums but instead encounters wilmar who bears an uncanny resemblance to alexis .
bud and lou find themselves pursued by an egyptian cult for a special medallion linked to a walking mummy .
a new crime wave grips the city and all clues seem to lead to the nefarious dr . mabuse even though he has been imprisoned in a mental asylum for nearly a decade .
three years after receiving brain damage in an accident a man returns home to discover his life may be a lie . as two lives begin to become clear he must determine what is actually happening and more importantly determine where he belongs .
twenty -five to thirty thousand jews were issued life -saving certificates of salvadoran citizenship thanks to the el salvador action and its officials : consul general jose arturo castellanos and his first secretary george mandel -mantello. this is the story of how one of the world 's smallest countries facilitated one of the most successful rescue operations of world war ii . in colonel castellanos was assigned to hamburg to open the consulate of el salvador then was sent to switzerland . in as europe was under siege by the nazis a wealthy romanian jew named george mandel who had befriended castellanos asked for his help . so castellanos appointed him first secretary of el salvador 's consulate in geneva . when mandel received his salvadoran passport he added "mantello" to his name in order to sound more latin . soon afterward inspired by the rescue efforts of his contemporaries and driven by the spreading horror of the genocide surrounding him mandel -mantello suggested that they issue salvadoran passports as rescue tools . castellanos declined citing the increased scrutiny of foreign passports because spies commonly forged them . he instead suggested certificates of salvadoran citizenship and thus began one of the greatest humanitarian efforts in the history of the holocaust . glass house was filmed over a three year period on location in central america switzerland hungary and spain by the director and his wife leonor who is herself a native of el salvador . the inspiring story of the el salvador action and the glass house (one of the protected buildings from which salvadoran citizenship certificates were issued ) is told by the sons and daughters of the heroes themselves as well as survivors who owe their lives to the tiny country with a brave and humble heart .
bright well -educated handsome conor o 'neill's promising future was wrecked by his gambling addiction which dragged him into heavy drinking and petty crime but worst of all the stifling grip of loan -shark bookies . desperate for a loan he accepts to stand in for lawyer friend jimmy fleming as coach of a chicago black 'projects' ghetto little league baseball team . his sense of pride becoming the boys ' sole idol and competition plus their attractive teacher motivate conor . but the crushing loan problem rather requires leaving town .
is it just another evening at the hugely popular italian restaurant of proprietor and bookmaker louis cropa in new york ? anything but as tonight 's guests include ; a local police detective and his wife specially invited by the owner ; on the balcony rival bookmaker gangsters from queens who want to become partners in the restaurant ; in the corner renowned food critic 'the food nymph ' is her usual demanding self ; and at the bar seemingly unnoticed is ken . as the evening continues enter duncan inveterate gambler and sous -chef on -the-line in the frenetic kitchen downstairs who acts as the catalyst that causes the evening to draw to its inevitable explosive deadly conclusion .
a chain of events starts with the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami . arthur herk a corrupt business owner wants to get his hands on the case . at the same time two hit men want him whacked . tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television herk 's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . to add more complication two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the miami airport terminal .
a young singer dates a disc jockey who helps her get into the music business but their relationship become complicated as she ascends to super stardom .
in los angeles a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking them to clean up the streets . denzel washington plays l .a.p.d. detective alonzo harris a veteran narcotics officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable if not corrupt . 'training day ' follows harris as he trains rookie jake hoyt over a -hour period . ethical dilemmas arise for hoyt as well as the audience as questions present themselves as to whether or not harris ' methodology for ridding the streets of south central los angeles of drugs is right or wrong .
six new yorkers have an interrelated series of relationships . tv producer tommy who 's just broken up with his girlfriend has a short relationship with commitment -phobe maria who he meets in a video store and also hooks up with married real -estate agent annie who he meets while apartment hunting . annie is open to a relationship because her husband griffin is cheating on her which she slowly comes to realize through talking to her friend /co-worker who 's gone through the same thing . griffin a -year-old dentist is cheating with -year-old waitress ashley who he picked up in a park ; she realizes she can do better when ben a hotel doorman and aspiring musician tries to pick her up in a belated attempt to recover from his divorce a year ago from schoolteacher maria (the same maria from the video store ). most of these relationships seem driven more by a desperate need to be in a relationship than actual love .
the story of the antarctic exploration mission of sir ernest shackleton . the ship sails south breaking the ice and ultimately getting trapped by the fast -changing weather . the ship breaks up in the ice and while men and dogs wait on elephant island shackleton and a crew of five take a -foot lifeboat miles to south georgia island to mount a rescue mission . we also get a good look at the exotic animals of the region particularly the penguins .
a film is being made of a story set in century england about charles a biologist who 's engaged to be married but who falls in love with outcast sarah whose melancholy makes her ...
dede is a sole parent trying to bring up her son fred . when it is discovered that fred is a genius she is determined to ensure that fred has all the opportunities that he needs and that ...
rock opera version of the phantom of the opera which also serves as a dark satire of the music business . notorious record tycoon swan has sold his soul to the devil for eternal youth and success - years ago . swan 's current scheme is to steal the music from meek and nerdy composer winslow leach to celebrate the opening of his rock palace the paradise . while trying to stop swan leach was framed and convicted for drug dealing and becomes the victim of a freak accident that leaves him horribly disfigured . he takes refuge in the cavernous paradise hiding his mangled face beneath an eerie mask and planning gruesome vengeance upon swan - and everyone else who has hurt him .
a family inherits what proves to be a haunted house but a special pair of goggles allows them to see their ghostly tormentors .
during world war ii south sea beachcomber walter eckland is persuaded to spy on planes passing over his island . he gets more than he bargained for as schoolteacher catherine frenau arrives on the run from the japanese with her pupils in tow !
a married man decides to leave his wife for another woman that he has been involved with . he propositions his wife that if the relationship with the new woman does not work out then he wants the opportunity to come back home and repair his marriage .
anna kalman is a london based actress . she has been unable to find love in her life . the reason why she came home early from a vacation to majorca fits into that theme as the man she met there and was initially attracted to ended up not being who she thought he was as a man . upon her arrival home she meets the suave philip adams a financier who is a work acquaintance of her brother -in-law diplomat alfred munson . philip initially states that there is no mrs . adams in his life . but when anna later asks him out he clarifies that statement in that there is no mrs . adams in london as she is at home in san francisco . regardless anna decides still to ask him on the date she had intended to the ballet . he accepts letting her know that whatever happens between the two of them that he will never be able to leave his wife . as time goes on the two fall in love their happiness which can only be sustained as long as philip has his paris -based contract with nato . so when philip announces that he is being transferred to new york for five months anna comes to the realization that she truly cannot live without him and wants to marry him . shortly thereafter anna learns something about philip 's background which not only threatens their relationship but leads to a night that anna wants to give him that he will never forget and not in a good way . but the best laid plans may have a bumpy road to being executed effectively ...
after a long prison sentence smiler grogan is heading at high speed to a california park where he hid from a job years previously . he accidentally careens over a cliff in view of four cars whose occupants go down to help . the dying grogan gives details of where the money is buried and when the witnesses fail to agree on sharing the cash a crazy chase develops across the state .
allan quatermain is a fortune hunter who is convinced by jesse huston to help her find her father who 's been lost somewhere in the african jungle during his last exploration .
alzbeta and tina are sisters bound by jealousy and love an unspoken history hovering over them like a dark cloud . it is this history that compels alzbeta to refuse tina 's help in finding a better life until the day arrives that forces them to confront their common past .
a submarine newly commissioned is damaged in the opening days of ww ii . a captain looking for a command insists he can get it to a dockyard and captain it . going slowly to this site they find a stranded group of army nurses and must take them aboard . how bad can it get ? trying to get a primer coat on the sub they have to mix white and red in order to have enough . when forced to flee the dock during an air attack they find themselves with the world 's only pink submarine still with women in the tight quarters of a submarine .
disc jockey dave garver attracts the amorous attentions of a demented fan named evelyn draper . evelyn lets dave pick her up at a bar ; later at her apartment evelyn admits that she is the cooing caller who repeatedly asks dave to play the erroll garner classic "misty." from then on the film is a lesson in how one casual date can turn your whole life around . evelyn stalks dave everywhere ruins his business lunch assaults his maid mutilates his house and all of his belongings and finally threatens to butcher his girlfriend tobie williams . you 'll never be able to hear that song again without looking over your shoulder .
boozy brassy apple annie a beggar with a basket of apples is as much as part of downtown new york as old broadway itself . bootlegger dave the dude is a sucker for her apples --- he thinks they bring him luck . but dave and girlfriend queenie martin need a lot more than luck when it turns out that annie is in a jam and only they can help : annie 's daughter louise who has lived all her life in a spanish convent is coming to america with a count and his son . the count 's son wants to marry louise who thinks her mother is part of new york society . it 's up to dave and queenie and their runyonesque cronies to turn annie into a lady and convince the count and his son that they are hobnobbing with new york 's elite .
slovakia during . tono lives a poor life but the authorities offer him to take over the jewish widow lautman 's little shop for sewing material . she is old and confused and thinks that he is only looking for employment and hires him . the odd couple begin to like each other . but some time later the authorities decide that the jews must leave the city . what should he do with the old lady ?
fairly accurate recounting of the story of karen silkwood the oklahoma nuclear -plant worker who blew the whistle on dangerous practices at the kerr -mcgee plant and who died under circumstances which are still under debate .
a disturbedinstitutionalized -year-old girl struggles between fantasy and reality .
london : like many other youths jimmy hates the philistine life especially his parents and his job in a company 's mailing division . only when he 's together with his friends a 'mod' ...
american kids go to a space camp during the summer holidays . they learn how to operate the space shuttle . a team consisting of a guy who just entered to meet girls a wanna be astronaut and an instructor who wanted to go on a mission instead of teaching can sit in the shuttle while testing the engines . then they 're launched by mistake ...
a group of thieves steal a rare gem but in the process two of the men double cross the leader of the thieving group patrick and take off with the precious stone . ten years later prominent psychiatrist nathan conrad is invited to examine a disturbed young woman named elisabeth . patrick immediately kidnaps nathan 's daughter forcing nathan to attempt to get elisabeth to reveal a secret number which will ultimately lead patrick to the whereabouts of the precious gem that has eluded him .
a widowed mother and her son change when a mysterious stranger enters their lives .
derek zoolander is 's three time male model of the year but when hansel wins the award instead zoolander 's world becomes upside down . his friends disappear his father is disappointed in him and he feels that he 's not good as a model anymore . but when evil fashion guru mugatu hires zoolander he thinks his life has turned back round again that is until he finds out that mugatu has actually brainwashed him to kill the prime minister of malaysia . can zoolander and his new friends find out how to prevent the incident before it 's too late ?
three young people on a road trip from colorado to new jersey talk to a trucker on their cb radio then must escape when he turns out to be a psychotic killer .
max keeble the victim of his grade class plots revenge when he learns he 's moving ; it backfires when he doesn 't move after all .
jonathan trager and sara thomas met while shopping for gloves in new york . though buying for their respective lovers the magic was right and a night of christmas shopping turned into romance . jon wanted to explore things further but sara wasn 't sure their love was meant to be . they decided to test fate by splitting up and seeing if destiny brought them back together ... many years later having lost each other that night both are engaged to be married . still neither can shake the need to give fate one last chance to reunite them . jon enlists the help of his best man to track down the girl he can 't forget starting at the store where they met . sara asks her new age musician fiance for a break before the wedding and with her best friend in tow flies from california to new york hoping destiny will bring her soulmate back . near -misses and classic shakespearean confusion bring the two close to meeting a number of times but fate will have the final word on whether it was meant to be .
the story of a hardened army sergeant and four of his men from their first fight at the kasserine pass after the invasion of north africa through to the invasion of sicily d -day the ardennes forest and the liberation of a concentration camp at the end of the war . as the five of them fight - and survive to fight yet again in the next battle - new recruits joining the squad are swatted down by the enemy on a regular basis . the four privates are naturally reluctant to get to know any of the new recruits joining the squad who become just a series of nameless faces .
when the new warden comes in disguised as an inmate he sees firsthand all the corruption and scams the guards and prison officials are running . when he reveals himself and starts to implement reforms to stop the corruption the local business community who had been benefiting from the scams fights back and the corrupt prison system starts making political trouble for the new warden .
this is a pseudo autobiography of disco 's the village people .
tired of her dull job as a waitress donna decides to join two carnival hustlers and see what life in their field is like .
a grief -stricken mother takes on the lapd to her own detriment when it stubbornly tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child while also refusing to give up hope that she will find him one day .
at only thirteen years of age loretta webb marries doolittle lynn and is soon responsible for a sizeable family . loretta appears destined to a life of homemaking but doolittle recognises his wife 's musical talent and buys her a guitar as an anniversary present one year . at eighteen the mother of four children and busy housewife still finds time to write and sing songs at small fairs and local honky -tonks. this gift sets loretta lynn on the gruelling tumultuous path to superstardom and country music greatness .
a serial killer brutally slays and dismembers several gay men in new york 's s &m and leather districts . the young police officer steve burns is sent undercover onto the streets as decoy for the murderer . working almost completely isolated from his department he has to learn and practice the complex rules and signals of this little society . while barely seeing his girlfriend nancy anymore the work starts changing him .
in occupied paris an actress married to a jewish theater owner must keep him hidden from the nazis while doing both of their jobs .
two convicts one charismatic (willis) and the other a hypochondriac (thornton) break out of prison and immediately start a bank robbing spree kidnapping bank managers spending the night with their families then going with the managers in the morning to rob the banks . using a dim -witted stunt man as their getaway driver and lookout the three successfully pull off several jobs (even gaining the attention of a television show about american criminals ) and become known as "the sleepover bandits ." things are going great until the bank managers begin to realize that the robbers are non -violent and therefore no threat to them or their employees changing the game for the bandits . to add to the complications a bored & unhappy housewife (blanchett) ends up in the hands of the criminals and begins to have romantic feelings for both willis and thornton causing a sticky love triangle .
a martial artist /doctor steals from the corrupt authorities as a masked thief to give to the poor while another martial artist /doctor is forced to hunt him down . but a major threat unites them as a powerful and traitorous shaolin monk takes over the authorities .
a bright -eyed young actress travels to hollywood only to be ensnared in a dark conspiracy involving a woman who was nearly murdered and now has amnesia because of a car crash . eventually both women are pulled into a psychotic illusion involving a dangerous blue box a director named adam kesher and the mysterious night club silencio .
jennifer does not fit in . a total misfit she 's as wacky as a teenager can be . goth -ed out with multiple piercings tattoos and dyed hair she listens to strange music watches vintage tv eats primarily chocolate and self injures . but now high school is over and she needs a job . can she possibly have anything in common with the overweight middle -aged man in the haberdashery window ? he gives her a job not to mention a real friendship .
a young music journalist 's dark memories are awakened when he goes to interview a female rock singer and both are forced to confront troubling secrets from their pasts .
the heir to an oil fortune trades places with a water -ski instructor at a florida hotel to see if girls will like him for himself rather than his father 's money .
in the year san francisco faces the terror of a maniac known as scorpio - who snipes at innocent victims and demands ransom through notes left at the scene of the crime . inspector harry callahan (known as dirty harry by his peers through his reputation handling of homicidal cases ) is assigned to the case along with his newest partner inspector chico gonzalez to track down scorpio and stop him . using humiliation and cat and mouse type of games against callahan scorpio is put to the test with the cop with a dirty attitude .
in prerevolutionary russia a jewish peasant contends with marrying off three of his daughters while growing anti -semitic sentiment threatens his village .
a young man returning home to attend a wedding hooks up with a drifter who turns out to be a violent bank robber . before he knows it the man finds himself involved in the robber 's plans .
moody is an iranian doctor living in america with his american wife betty and their child mahtob . wanting to see his homeland again he convinces his wife to take a short holiday there with him and mahtob . betty is reluctant as iran is not a pleasant place especially if you are american and female . upon arrival in iran it appears that her worst fears are realized : moody declares that they will be living there from now on . betty is determined to escape from iran but taking her daughter with her presents a larger problem .
a spoiled schoolgirl runs away from home gets pregnant while hitch -hiking and ends up as a fashion model for a pair of beauticians who like to photograph women committing crimes .
it is in london and the unfortunate poor lead horrifying lives in the city 's deadliest slum whitechapel . harassed by gangs and forced to walk the streets for a living mary kelly and her small group of companions trudge on through this daily misery their only consolation being that things can 't get any worse . yet things somehow do when their friend ann is kidnapped and they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine . the kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman polly and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down one by one . sinister even by whitechapel standards the murder grabs the attention of inspector fred abberline a brilliant yet troubled man whose police work is often aided by his psychic abilities . abberline becomes deeply involved with the case which takes on personal meaning to him when he and mary begin to fall in love . but as he gets closer to the truth whitechapel becomes more and more dangerous for abberline mary and the other girls . whoever is responsible for the grisly acts is not going to give up his secret without a fight ....will they be able to survive the avenging force that has been sent after them from hell ?
when three star general irwin is transferred to a maximum security military prison its warden colonel winter can 't hide his admiration towards the highly decorated and experienced soldier . irwin has been stripped of his rank for disobedience in a mission but not of fame . colonel winter who runs the prison with an iron fist deeply admires the general but works with completely different methods in order to keep up discipline . after a short while irwin can feel winter 's unjust treatment of the inmates . he decides to teach winter a lesson by taking over command of the facility and thus depriving him of his smug attitude . when winter decides to participate in what he still thinks of as a game it may already be too late to win .
seriocomic story based on the memoir by beverly donofrio the movie follows a young woman who finds her life radically altered by an event from her teen years . born in beverly grew up bright and ambitious in a working -class neighborhood in connecticut ; her father was a tough but good -hearted cop who listened to his daughter 's problems and her mother was a nervous woman eager to imagine the worst . from an early age beverly displays a keen intelligence and an interest in literature and dreams of going to college in new york and becoming a writer . however she also develops an early interest in boys and at finds herself madly in love with a boy from her high school . however an attempt to get his attention leads to an embarassing incident at a party and ray a sweet but thick -headed -year-old steps forward to defend her . beverly and ray end up making out and after one thing leads to another beverly discovers she 's pregnant . telling ray is only marginally less difficult than informing her parents and at beverly is a wife and mother . against the odds beverly is determined to still finish high school and go on to college but that goal becomes more difficult with time especially after beverly 's marriage begins to fall apart . ray tries to do the right thing but has trouble holding a job and becomes addicted to heroin .
dreams . what are they ? an escape from reality or reality itself ? waking life follows the dream (s) of one man and his attempt to find and discern the absolute difference between waking life and the dreamworld . while trying to figure out a way to wake up he runs into many people on his way ; some of which offer one sentence asides on life others delving deeply into existential questions and life 's mysteries . we become the main character . it becomes our dream and our questions being asked and answered . can we control our dreams ? what are they telling us about life ? about death ? about ourselves and where we come from and where we are going ? the film does not answer all these for us . instead it inspires us to ask the questions and find the answers ourselves .
prot is a patient at a mental hospital who claims to be from a far away planet . his psychiatrist tries to help him only to begin to doubt his own explanations .
a young man meets a girl on a train only to spend the rest of the movie trying to reunite with her (one of the love -at-first-sight things ) aided by his best friend in a quest of posters and signs that soon gains public notice . will he ever find his soul mate ?
donnie darko doesn 't get along too well with his family his teachers and his classmates ; but he does manage to find a sympathetic friend in gretchen who agrees to date him . he has a compassionate psychiatrist who discovers hypnosis is the means to unlock hidden secrets . his other companion may not be a true ally . donnie has a friend named frank - a large bunny which only donnie can see . when an engine falls off a plane and destroys his bedroom donnie is not there . both the event and donnie 's escape seem to have been caused by supernatural events . donnie 's mental illness if such it is may never allow him to find out for sure .
george monroe is a lonely and sad man . divorced for ten years he lives alone on the southern california coast with his pet dog in the same run down shack he has lived in for twenty -five years the shack which his father passed down to him . in the intervening years ostentatious houses have sprung up around him . he 's been at the same architectural firm for twenty years in a job he hates which primarily consists of building scale models . on the day that he is fired from his job he is diagnosed with an advanced case of terminal cancer which he chooses not to disclose to his family . in many ways this day is the happiest of his recent life in that he decides to spend what little time he has left doing what he really wants to do namely build a house he can call his own to replace the shack . he also wants his rebellious sixteen year old son sam monroe to live with him for the summer hopefully not only to help in the house construction but for the two to reconnect as a family . getting sam to do any of it will not be an easy task as sam who has embarked on some self -destructive behavior would rather do anything than spend time with his family which also includes his mother robin kimball her wealthy but emotionally unaffectionate husband peter kimball and their adolescent children . in sam george sees an unhappy person in every aspect of his life much like george was himself before that fateful day . what sam decides to do for the summer may consider alyssa beck his pretty classmate and george 's next door neighbor . through the process george also reconnects with robin who admits that she 's made some pretty bad decisions in her life . he may not want that reconnection to go too far considering his health . ultimately george has much to do to complete all he wants before he dies .
santa rosa california . a laconic chain -smoking barber with fallen arches tells a story of a man trying to escape a humdrum life . it 's a tale of suspected adultery blackmail foul play death sacramento city slickers racial slurs invented war heroics shaved legs a gamine piano player aliens and heisenberg 's uncertainty principle . ed crane cuts hair in his in -law's shop ; his wife drinks and may be having an affair with her boss big dave who has to invest in a second department store . ed gets wind of a chance to make money in dry cleaning . blackmail and investment are his opportunity to be more than a man no one notices . settle in the chair and listen .
a divorced father discovers that his -year-old son 's new stepfather is not what he made himself out to be .
six years after earth has suffered an alien invasion a cynical journalist agrees to escort a shaken american tourist through an infected zone in mexico to the safety of the u .s. border .
a criminal pleads insanity after getting into trouble again and once in the mental institution rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients .
three old high school friends pass the time in a michigan motel room dissecting the painful memories of their high school years .
a career jewel thief finds himself at tense odds with his longtime partner a crime boss who sends his nephew to keep watch .
following the advice of his dying father hal dates only women who are physically beautiful . one day however he runs into self -help guru tony robbins who hypnotizes him into recognizing only the inner beauty of women . hal thereafter meets rosemary a grossly obese woman whom only he can see as a vision of loveliness . but will their relationship survive when hal 's equally shallow friend undoes the hypnosis ?
during a babysitting gig a high -school student is harassed by an increasingly threatening prank caller .
jackson is the new kid in town . as he helps unpack his parents van he inadvertently catches melly and angela sunning across the street . through jackson 's video diary we are about to see a teen 's summer vacation .
rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry .
a mockumentary satirical look at hollywood through the eyes of the adult film industry .
dr . frank sangster is a straight -laced dentist who because of one innocent lie finds his tidy prosperous life transformed into a comic quagmire of illicit sex illegal drugs and inexplicable murder in this brilliantly offbeat bitingly comedic film !
this is the story an amusement park employee named jamal walker who is magically transported back to medieval times in -century england . there jamal meets sir knolte a dissolute knight before he stumbles into the court of the usurper king leo . jamal is impressed by what he thinks is the realism of the theme park ; only after witnessing a gory beheading does he realize with horror where he really is . jamal encounters the beautiful victoria who is scheming to return the queen to the throne and falls afoul of the evil sir percival . joining forces with sir knolte and victoria jamal teaches the rebels some helpful football golfing and boxing moves before he dons the armor of the awesome "black knight "!
cia operative nathan muir (redford) is on the brink of retirement when he finds out that his protege tom bishop (pitt) has been arrested in china for espionage . no stranger to the machinations of the cia 's top echelon muir hones all his skills and irreverent manner in order to find a way to free bishop . as he embarks on his mission to free bishop muir recalls how he recruited and trained the young rookie at that time a sergeant in vietnam their turbulent times together as operatives and the woman who threatened their friendship .
it is the end of three years of bloody civil war in spain and general franco 's right -wing nationalists are poised to defeat the left -wing republican forces . a ten -year-old boy named carlos the son of a fallen republican war hero is left by his tutor in an orphanage in the middle of nowhere . the orphanage is run by a curt but considerate headmistress named carmen and a kindly professor casares both of whom are sympathetic to the doomed republican cause . despite their concern for him and his gradual triumph over the usual schoolhouse bully carlos never feels completely comfortable in his new environment . first of all there was that initial encounter with the orphanage 's nasty caretaker jacinto who reacts even more violently when anyone is caught looking around a particular storage room the one with the deep well . second and more inexplicable is the presence of a ghost one of the former occupants of the orphanage named santi . not long after carlos ' arrival santi latches onto carlos badgering him incessantly at night and gloomily intoning "many of you will die ." as if that wasn 't enough to keep the orphanage 's occupants in an unrelenting state of terror there 's the un -exploded bomb that dominates the orphanage 's courtyard still ticking away ; with the orphanage left defenseless by its isolation and the swift progression of franco 's troops the ghost 's prediction seems depressingly accurate . nevertheless with every step of the plot it becomes apparent that the ghost 's predictions as to who (or what ) will die the real source of danger and even the definition of death itself may be more ambiguous than first thought .
in idyllic mid -coast maine the fowler family 's only son frank comes home from his freshman year at college for summer vacation . his mother ruth the school choir director is unhappy with frank dating soon -to-be divorced mother natalie who is several years his senior but frank 's father matt the town doctor doesn 't see a problem . while frank considers holding off his future for natalie her jilted husband causes them all problems until an unthinkable tragedy shakes the community to its very core .
after the death of his father the young cooper 'dennis cooper ' goes to town where he has to pass several adventures . the town and the whole kingdom is threatened by a terrible monster called 'jabberwocky'. will dennis make his fortune ? is anyone brave enough to defeat the monster ? a medieval tale with pythonesque humour .
the life of fanny brice famed comedienne and entertainer of the early . we see her rise to fame as a ziegfield girl subsequent career and her personal life particularly her relationship with nick arnstein .
michel poiccard an irresponsible sociopath and small -time thief steals a car and impulsively murders the motorcycle policeman who pursues him . now wanted by the authorities he renews his relationship with patricia franchini a hip american girl studying journalism at the sorbonne whom he had met in nice a few weeks earlier . before leaving paris he plans to collect a debt from an underworld acquaintance and expects her to accompany him on his planned getaway to italy . even with his face in the local papers and media poiccard seems oblivious to the dragnet that is slowly closing around him as he recklessly pursues his love of american movies and libidinous interest in the beautiful american .
the sword and sorcery adventures of a wandering adventurer who has the ability to communicate with animals .
a documentary short about racism in the united states
with their father away fighting in the civil war jo meg beth and amy grow up with their mother in somewhat reduced circumstances . they are a close family who inevitably have their squabbles and tragedies . but the bond holds even when later men friends start to become a part of the household .
the story of a large u .s. marines invasion task force bound for guadalcanal in the solomon islands in .
lou peckinpaugh the cheap detective has entered a world that is half casablanca and half maltese falcon . a parody of bogart 's films in which lou goes through a series of scenes from the two movies trying to keep ahead of the police who think he killed his partner and find the black bird .
a sydney lawyer has more to worry about than higher -than-average rainfall when he is called upon to defend five aboriginals in court . determined to break their silence and discover the truth behind the hidden society he suspects lives in his city the lawyer is drawn further and more intimately into a prophesy that threatens a new armageddon wherein all the continent shall drown .
recounted in flashback are the romantic perils of mathieu a middle -aged french sophisticate as he falls for his nineteen year -old former chambermaid conchita .
'toy' is a film about two lost souls finding each other among the desperation and glamour in los angeles . two women from disparate backgrounds - one a young artist the other an aging prostitute - forge an unlikely relationship that spirals into chaos .
colonel stok a soviet intelligence officer responsible for security at the berlin wall appears to want to defect but the evidence is contradictory . stok wants the british to handle his defection and asks for one of their agents harry palmer to smuggle him out of east germany .
a mysterious blonde woman kills one of a psychiatrist 's patients and then goes after the high -class call girl who witnessed the murder .
after a mysterious atmospheric event a small group of people wake up to realize that their entire lives have been a lie . they are in fact aliens disguised as humans . now they have to make a choice . live amongst men or try to find a way back home
at the new york city high school for the performing arts students get specialized training that often leads to success as actors singers etc . this movie follows four students from the time when they audition to get into the school through graduation . they are the brazen coco hernandez shy doris finsecker sensitive gay montgomery macneil and brash abrasive raul garcia .
flash gordon is an american football hero who is skyjacked aboard dr . hans zarkov 's rocketship along with his beautiful girlfriend dale arden . the threesome are drawn into the influence of the planet mongo ruled by emperor ming the merciless . the evil ming has been testing earth with unnatural disasters and deeming our world a threat to his rule . he also intends to take dale as his concubine attempts to execute flash and intends to destroy earth . flash must avoid the amorous attentions of ming 's daughter and unite the warring kingdoms of mongo to rescue dale and save our world .
tommy a mafia enforcer returns home to discover that his once loyal family has betrayed him . now setting out on a path of retribution tommy constructs a violent plan to put all the "dogs" down in the family and end the violent bloodbath .
a nice game with up to four cooperative players exploring dungeons and fighting monsters from a top -view perspective . the four characters that could be played included : - thyla the valkarie (female human sword warrior in blue ) - thor the warrior (male human axe warrior in red ) - merlin the wizard (male human magic -user in yellow ) - questor the elf (male elf archer in green ) each player 's character has different strengths and weaknesses . the players collect food potions and treasure in return for points health magic and power -ups.
through a series of macabre "coincidences" the newly -elected director of a cemetery (richard boone ) begins to believe that he can cause the deaths of living owners of burial plots by merely changing the push -pin color from white (living) to black (dead) on a large wall map of the cemetery that notes those plots .
a terrorist rostov is planning to unleash a reign of terror on the u .s.. but before he does he decides to go after matt hunter a former cia agent who lives in florida . hunter once had rostov 's life in his hands but on orders took him alive and now rostov is plagued by nightmares of hunter killing him . so rostov goes after him but misses so hunter who has already been approached by his former employers to go after rostov after initially turning down the job because he believed that they should have let him terminate rostov when he had the chance decides to go after him . but he is only one man and rostov has hundreds of men ripping the country apart so how will he stop it ?
stranded on an island a group of schoolboys degenerate into savagery .
the story begins when three aliens get a bit hacked off at their 'friend' bernard who keeps making a prat of himself playing space ball . it is while he is playing space ball that the others start playing around with the space ship controls . they accidentally disconnect his part of the ship leaving him stranded while they crash into a large blue planet close by ...
danny ocean wants to score the biggest heist in history . he combines an eleven member team including frank catton rusty ryan and linus caldwell . their target ? the bellagio the mirage and the mgm grand . all casinos owned by terry benedict . it 's not going to be easy as they plan to get in secretly and out with million .
a wimpy real estate agent is forced to attend a motivational seminar . he takes a wrong turn and ends up in a stuntman training course where everything he knows is tossed out the window .
a rape victim is exacting revenge on her aggressors in a small town outside san francisco . "dirty" harry callahan on suspension for angering his superiors (again) is assigned to the case .
a navy navigator is shot down over enemy territory and is ruthlessly pursued by a secret police enforcer and the opposing troops . meanwhile his commanding officer goes against orders in an attempt to rescue him .
danny ocean wants to score the biggest heist in history . he combines an eleven member team including frank catton rusty ryan and linus caldwell . their target ? the bellagio the mirage and the mgm grand . all casinos owned by terry benedict . it 's not going to be easy as they plan to get in secretly and out with million .
in a building site in present -day tehran lateef a -year-old turkish worker is irresistibly drawn to rahmat a young afghan worker . the revelation of rahmat 's secret changes both their lives .
a dark thriller about a successful businesswoman and her young assistant who toy with a slow -witted businessman while stuck at an airport hotel .
after various skirmishes two wounded soldiers one bosnian and one serb confront each other in a trench in the no man 's land between their lines . they wait for dark trading insults and even finding some common ground ; sometimes one has the gun sometimes the other sometimes both . things get complicated when another wounded bosnian comes to but can 't move because a bouncing mine is beneath him . the two men cooperate to wave white flags their lines call the un (whose high command tries not to help ) an english reporter shows up a french sergeant shows courage and the three men in no man 's land may or may not find a way to all get along .
piero tells the story of the explosive life of a latino icon the poet -playwright-actor miguel piero whose urban poetry is recognized as a pre -cursor to rap and hip -hop. after doing time in hard -core sing -sing for petty thefts and drug dealing piero 's prison experiences developed into the tony -nominated play short eyes . the resulting notoriety and fame was too much for the latino bad -boy genius who retreated to the darker corners of new york city .
ten strangers are invited to an island by a mysterious host and start to get killed one by one . could one of them be the killer ?
a russian circus visits the us . a clown wants to defect but doesn 't have the nerve . his saxophone playing friend however comes to the decision to defect in the middle of bloomingdales . he is befriended by the black security guard and falls in love with the italian immigrant from behind the perfume counter . we follow his life as he works his way through the american dream and tries to find work as a musician .
at john hughes high school the students are the same as just about every other teenager in a teen movie . the popular jock jake takes a bet from austin the cocky blonde guy that he can transform janey the pretty ugly girl into the prom queen before the prom . but two people are trying to stop jake from succeeding : his evil sister catherine the cruelest girl in school and priscilla the bitchy cheerleader . and all of their friends are the same as any other teen movie : areola the naked foreign exchange student les the beautiful weirdo malik the token black guy the desperate virgins amanda becker the perfect girl ricky janey 's obsessed best friend and sadie the very old undercover reporter .
a self -indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover .
true story of the lifelong romance between novelist iris murdoch and her husband john bayley from their student days through her battle with alzheimer 's disease .
nafas is a reporter who was born in afghanistan but fled with her family to canada when she was a child . however her sister wasn 't so lucky ; she lost her legs to a land mine while young and when nafas and her family left the country her sister was accidentally left behind . nafas receives a letter from her sister announcing that she 's decided to commit suicide during the final eclipse before the dawn of the century ; desperate to spare her sister 's life nafas makes haste to afghanistan where she joins a caravan of refugees who for a variety of reasons are returning to the war -torn nation . as nafas searches for her sister she soon gets a clear and disturbing portrait of the toll the taliban regime has taken upon its people .
trust . a dead body in bracken . a cop cheats on his unhappy wife who in secret sees a psychiatrist whose own marriage is corroded by grief : she thinks her husband is having an affair with a gay patient of hers . the cop 's lover jane is recently separated and her neighbors - a couple with children - include a muscular unemployed man . late one night the doctor skids off a back road finds a call box and tries in vain to reach her husband . she sees headlights and flags down the driver . later that night jane sees her neighbor park his truck and throw something into the lantana in a vacant lot . it 's a woman 's shoe . unraveling the mystery lays bare five couples .
three grown prodigies all with a unique genius of some kind and their mother are staying at the family household . their father royal had left them long ago and comes back to make things right with his family .
the world of our distant future is a veritable utopia thanks to the lyrics of two simple -minded century rock and rollers bill s . preston esq . and ted "theodore" logan . however a would -be conquerer threatens to throw history off -track by sending "most non -non-heinous" evil robot bill and teds back to kill their good counterparts . finding themselves dead the boys must outwit the grim reaper and traverse heaven and hell to return to the land of the living rescue their "babes" and have a "most triumphant " concert at the all -important battle of the bands .
brian stimpson is the headmaster of a comprehensive (high) school in england . he sets himself his staff and pupils very high standards . on the way to a conference at which he is to talk all manner of disasters strike .
morgan delt is a failed and irresponsible left -wing artist whose communist parents own a fish and chips shop in downmarket london . he is also an aggressive and self -admitted dreamer a fantasist who uses his flights of fancy as refuge from external reality where his unconventional behavior lands him in a divorce from his wife leonie trouble with the police and ultimately incarceration in a lunatic asylum .
three women make an emergency landing on a planet plagued with a fatal disease but are captured by dictator overdog . adventurer wolff goes there to rescue them and meets niki the only earthling left from a medical expedition . combining their talents they try to rescue the women .
the story of a shy boy who gets convinced by his parents to spend a few summer days in the mountains . so he joins a group and the vacation begins . unfortunately things turn out to be a little tough for our small friend .
two guys by the name of silas and jamal decided to one day smoke something magical which eventually helps them to ace their college entrance exam . this eventually lands them in harvard where they 're surrounded by the world of ivy leaguers . although their new lifestyle is much different from back home they kept on having fun until their supernatural smoke runs out . now they are on their own and they have to rely on each other to survive .
an eight year -old boy genius and his friends must rescue their parents after the adults are abducted by aliens .
kate and her actor brother live in n .y. in the century . her ex -boyfriend stuart lives above her apartment . stuart finds a space near the brooklyn bridge where there is a gap in time ....
while frodo and sam now accompanied by a new guide continue their hopeless journey towards the land of shadow to destroy the one ring each member of the broken fellowship plays their part in the battle against the evil wizard saruman and his armies of isengard .
the game is released and all of a sudden there is a fire at the company 's headquarters . the game is shut down but is it really ? those who work inside fear for their lives and run . you get a phone call . someone 's sending you letters . what 's going on ? is the government involved ?
the story of genius neurosurgeon (lee young oh ) with an impeccable skills and abilities but is incapable of having any feeling and sympathy for his patients due to an injury in frontal lobe . when a series of unusual deaths occur at the hospital detective (gye jin -sung ) starts investigation around young oh who fall in love with her . the series in based on mary shelley 's novel "frankenstein".
when the truck that is transporting convicts has an accident on the road the inmates john "joker" jackson and noah cullen that are chained to each other escape . they hate each other but they need to help each other to succeed in their intent of going north to jump in a train and reach freedom . meanwhile the humane sheriff max muller organizes a posse to track them down in a civilized manner and respecting justice . joker and cullen reach a small farm where a lonely woman helps them to get rid of their chains . she offers to drive her car with joker and her son billy while cullen would escape through the swamp to the railroad . but when joker learns that she sent cullen to a trap he leaves her and is shot in the shoulder by billy . joker seeks out cullen to save him and when they meet each other their former hatred has changed to friendship and respect .
a bittersweet tale of the increasing estrangement of a retired automobile tycoon and his wife . increasingly obsessed with maintaining an appearance of youth she falls in with a crowd of frivolous socialites during their "second honeymoon " european vacation . he in turn meets a woman who is everything she is not : self -assured self -confident and able to take care of herself .
john cassellis is the toughest tv -news reporter around . his area of interest is reporting about violence in the ghetto and racial tensions . but he discovers that his network helps the fbi by letting it look at his tapes to find suspects . when he protests he is fired and goes to the democratic national convention in chicago illinois .
master explorer and former us navy seal dirk pitt and his wisecracking buddy al giordino goes on the adventure of a lifetime of seeking out a lost civil war ironclad battleship known as the "ship of death " that protects a secret cargo is lost somewhere in the deserts of west africa . but while the two cross paths with a beautiful and brilliant u .n. scientist dr . eva rojas who is being hounded by a ruthless dictator . she believes that the hidden treasure may be connected to a larger problem that threatens the world around them . hunting for a ship that no one else thinks exists dirk al and eva must rely on their wits and their daring heroics to outsmart dangerous warlords survive the threatening terrain and get to the bottom of both mysteries .
a persiflage on the protest movements of the . its hero is the bold and sex -obsessed tom -cat fritz the cat as created by the legendary underground artist robert crumb . quitting university fritz the cat wanders through the hash black panther and hell 's angels scenes to find to himself .
fritz now married and with a son is desperate to escape from the domestic hell he now finds himself in . lighting up a joint he begins to dream about his eight other lives hoping to find one that will provide a pleasant distraction . the drug -induced journeys he takes include spells as an astronaut hitler 's psychiatrist a courier travelling in hostile territory during a race war and as a pupil of an indian guru living in the sewers of new york .
the most popular kid on campus meets a beautiful journalist who makes him realize that maybe he 's afraid to graduate .
it 's britain . upon his return to work following a heart attack irrepressible barrister sir wilfrid robarts known as a barrister for the hopeless takes on a murder case much to the exasperation of his medical team led by his overly regulated private nurse miss plimsoll who tries her hardest to ensure that he not return to his hard living ways - including excessive cigar smoking and drinking - while he takes his medication and gets his much needed rest . that case is defending american war veteran leonard vole a poor out of work struggling inventor who is accused of murdering his fifty -six year old lonely and wealthy widowed acquaintance emily french . the initial evidence is circumstantial but points to leonard as the murderer . despite being happily married to east german former beer hall performer christine vole he fostered that friendship with mrs . french in the hopes that she would finance one of his many inventions to the tune of a few hundred pounds . it thus does not help his case when it is learned that mrs . french changed her will prior to her murder with leonard being the primary beneficiary of a estate . leonard states that he knew nothing about the will . christine is apparently the only alibi leonard has to his whereabouts at the time of the murder . the usual methods sir wilfrid uses to test his clients ' guilt or innocence leads to him believing that leonard is indeed innocent . as the trial progresses the prosecution calls a surprise witness one that could place a nail in the coffin of sir wilfrid 's planned line of defense . as sir wilfrid gets deeper and deeper into the case something doesn 't quite sit right with him although he doesn 't know what it is . the primary questions become how far sir wilfrid will go to obtain evidence to acquit leonard and if he will ever discover why he feels that there is something odd about the case .
in a brash new pro boxer fresh from his olympic gold medal victory explodes on to the scene cassius clay . bold and outspoken he cuts an entirely new image for african americans in sport with his proud public self confidence with his unapologetic belief that he is the greatest boxer of all time . to his credit he sets out to prove that with his highly agile and forceful style soon making him a formidable boxer who soon claims the heavyweight championship . his personal life is no less noteworthy with his allegiance to the nation of islam his friendship with the controversial malcolm x and his abandonment of his slave name in favour of muhammad ali stirring up controversy . yet at the top of his game both ali 's personal and professional lives face the ultimate test with the military draft rules are changed making him eligible for military induction during the vietnam war . despite the fact that he could easily agree to a sweetheart deal that would have meant an easy tour of duty for himself ali refuses to submit on principle to cooperate in an unjust war for a racist nation that treated his people so poorly . the cost of that stand is high as he finds himself unable to legally box in his own country while his case is contested in court . what follows is a battle for a man who would sacrifice so much for what he believes in and a comeback that would cement his legend as one of the great sports figures of all time .
action /war drama based on the best -selling book detailing a near -disastrous mission in somalia on october . on this date nearly u .s. army rangers commanded by capt . mike steele were dropped by helicopter deep into the capital city of mogadishu to capture two top lieutenants of a somali warlord . this led to a large and drawn -out firefight between the army ranges us special forces and hundreds of somali gunmen ; resulting in the destruction of two u .s. black hawk helicopters . the film focuses on the heroic efforts of various rangers to get to the downed black hawks centering on ssg . eversmann leading the ranger unit chalk four to the first black hawk crash site chief warrant officer durant who was captured after being the only survivor of the second black hawk crash as well as many others who were involved .
in an ashkenazic shtetl in poland yentl mendel is the boyishly klutzy daughter and only child of long widowed rebbe ("talmud teacher ") mendel who teaches talmud (a codification of jewish law ) to local boys - and to yentl but secretly because girls were not allowed to learn the law in those days . when her father dies yentl is all alone in the world . she takes the momentous decision to leave the village and - disguised as a boy and calling herself by the name of her late brother anshel - seeks and gets admitted to a yeshiva to study the texts traditions subtleties and complexities of torah talmud etc . she befriends avigdor who is engaged to haddas but her family discovers his brother committed suicide so they call off the wedding (in case avigdor possesses the same madness ). anshel then finds "him"-self in the awkward position of being called into service as substitute bridegroom so that the wedding can go ahead and haddas will have a husband . it is a marriage that never gets consummated - apart from the more obvious reasons because haddas still wants avigdor (though she eventually falls in love with yentl too ). after numerous complications (including avidor and yentl falling in love with each other briefly after she reveals her secret to him along with her bosom ) the film ends with everybody getting what they always wanted - haddas and avigdor to live happily ever after with each other while anshel now yentl once again goes off to america to pursue her dream of serious study in yeshiva where she will be able to study without needing to hide her identity as a woman .
the lives of upstairs guests and downstairs servants at a party in in a country house in england as they investigate a murder involving one of them .
sam dawson has the mental capacity of a -year-old. he works at a starbucks and is obsessed with the beatles . he has a daughter with a homeless woman ; she abandons them as soon as they leave the hospital . he names his daughter lucy diamond (after the beatles song ) and raises her . but as she reaches age herself sam 's limitations start to become a problem at school ; she 's intentionally holding back to avoid looking smarter than him . the authorities take her away and sam shames high -priced lawyer rita harrison into taking his case pro bono . in the process he teaches her a great deal about love and whether it 's really all you need .
after a family tragedy a racist prison guard reexamines his attitudes while falling in love with the african american wife of the last prisoner he executed .
an inksetter in new york quoyle returns to his family 's longtime home a small fishing town in newfoundland with his young daughter after a traumatizing experience with her mother petal who sold her to an illegal adoption agency . though quoyle has had little success thus far in life his shipping news column in the newspaper "the gammy bird " finds an audience and his experiences in the town change his life . then he meets the widow wavey ...
retired nypd detective val dirico leaves new york for nevada to get away from it all and write his memoirs ....but will he really be able to get away from it all or is he going from the frying pan into the fire ?
a ten year old boy gets tired of life with abusive parents and cashes in his piggy bank and steals a mustang . he rides off into a surreal america playing "motorama" a game sponsored by chimera gas company . he has various encounters with different people and eventually reaches the chimera gas company where he finds they are not playing by the rules of the game .
despite not knowing him the world 's most famous detectives can 't pass up the offer of a "dinner and murder " invitation from wealthy lionel twain . each has no idea until their arrival at two two twain who else will be in attendance . those detectives are : amateur sleuths and new york socialites dick and dora charleston accompanied by their pet terrier myron ; belgian detective monsieur milo perrier accompanied by his chauffeur marcel ; shanghainese inspector sidney wang accompanied by his japanese adopted son willie wang ; frumpish brit miss jessica marbles accompanied by her invalid nurse miss withers ; and san francisco gumshoe sam diamond accompanied by his femme fatale sidekick tess skeffington . the dinner part of the invitation runs into problems due to the non -communication between twain 's blind butler jamesir bensonmum and twain 's new deaf -mute and non -anglophone cook yetta . on the murder side the guests initially believe twain will try to kill each of them . however twain eventually announces his rationale for the gathering : that one of the people at the dinner table will be murdered before midnight and that twain will consider himself the greatest detective if his guests who are now trapped in the house until dawn cannot figure out who committed the murder that person also at the dinner table . if one does figure out who committed the crime he /she will be the recipient of million and the exclusive rights to the story . so the guests anxiously await the stroke of midnight with those still alive after that time trying to figure out both motive and the opportunity to murder before the rise of dawn and before the murderer has the opportunity to strike again on one or all of them .
the aristocratic tony moves to london and hires the servant hugo barrett for all services at home . barrett seems to be a loyal and competent employee but tony 's girlfriend susan does not ...
a film about struggling to deal with paralysis . author joel garcia breaks his neck while hiking and finds himself in a rehabilitation centre with raymond an exaggerating ladies ' man and ...
shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim -witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . so shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged -out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit .
in century france the chevalier de fronsac and his native american friend mani are sent by the king to the gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast .
for the past four years san francisco cop jack cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "ice man ". at the hunter 's point raceway jack confronts tyrone burroughs and arthur brock . jack kills brock in self defense but burroughs escapes and jack is in danger of going to prison because brock 's gun can 't be found . jack finds a picture that proves that the ice man has put a price on the head of reggie hammond who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day . jack tries to convince reggie to help him clear his name and find the ice man but reggie says he won 't help unless jack gives reggie the that jack has been holding on to for reggie . jack refuses to give reggie the money unless reggie helps him . after the bus that is transporting reggie away from the prison is forced to crash by two bikers and jack gets shot by the same two bikers jack forces reggie to help him by having the hospital release reggie into his custody . reggie recognized one of the bikers as richard "cherry" ganz the brother of albert ganz the escaped convict jack killed years ago . jack got shot because cherry wants revenge for albert 's death and cherry and his partner willie hickok are the hitmen who have been hired to kill reggie . burroughs who works for the ice man was trying to hire brock as insurance just in case cherry and hickok fail . blake wilson the head of the internal affairs division obviously doesn 't like jack because wilson will stop at nothing to prosecute jack for manslaughter in brock 's death and it turns out that the ice man put a price on reggie 's head because reggie knows who the ice man is someone jack never expected it to be .
when a young street vendor with a grim home life meets a woman on her way to paris they forge an instant connection . he changes all the clocks in taipei to french time ; as he watches franois truffaut 's "les coups " she has a strange encounter with its now -aging star jean -pierre leaud .
three notebooks supposedly containing russian military secrets are handed to a british publisher during a russian book conference . the british secret service are naturally keen to learn if these notebooks are the genuine article . to this end they enlist the help of the scruffy british publisher barley blair who has plenty of experience with russia and russians . barley an unconventional character who doesn 't respond well to authority finds himself in a game more complex than he first thought when he digs into the origin of the notebooks .
my mother music and motherhood . a film that looks at my mother 's love for singing and how passion changes over time .
this is an animated movie based on the book by peter dickinson . in this movie the realm of magic is being threatened by the realm of logic so carolinus the green wizard decides to shield it for all time . ommedon the evil red wizard stands in his way . carolinus then calls for a quest that is to be led by a man named peter dickinson who is the first man of both the realms of science and magic . it is peter 's job to defeat ommedon .
a young wizarding apprentice is sent to kill a dragon which has been devouring girls from a nearby kingdom .
the wandering barbarian conan alongside his goofy rogue pal malak are tasked with escorting queen taramis ' virgin niece princess jehnna and her bodyguard bombaata to a mystical island fortress . they must retrieve a magical crystal that will help them procure the horn that legends say can awaken the god of dreams dagoth . along the way conan reunites with the wise wizard akiro and befriends the fierce female fighter zula . together the heroes face ancient traps powerful wizards plots of betrayal and even the dream god dagoth himself !
in this animated tale a tiny village is destroyed by a surging glacier which serves as the deadly domain for the evil ice lord nekron . the only survivor is a young warrior larn who ...
the bizarre and musical tale of a girl who travels to another dimension through the gateway found in her family 's basement .
elmo mcelroy is a streetwise american master chemist who heads to england to sell his special new formula - a powerful blue concoction guaranteed to take you to 'the state .' mcelroy 's new product delivers a feeling times more powerful than any thrill any pleasure any high in history . but his plans for a quick profitable score go comically awry when he gets stuck in liverpool with an unlikely escort and his ex -girlfriend and becomes entangled in a bizarre web of double -dealing and double -crosses.
originally a minute portion for an anthology film impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name it follows the lead character spencer olham 's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds .
kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie created to spoof the martial arts genre . writer /director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a kung -fu film weaving the new and old together . as the main character the chosen one oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung -fu legend master pain . along the way he encounters some strange characters one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts .
when miami dentist ted brooks learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect ted instead receives his mother 's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race the arctic challenge spiting a mountain man who wants the dogs . what follows is a comedy detailing ted 's adventures in learning to run the sled dogs .
a hard -nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise -cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him in order to track down a killer .
a young minister a widower is temporarily assigned to a church whose suspended pastor drove parishioners away ; he stays at a hotel where he meets jrgen who 's alone approaching middle age . jrgen 's friend finn a temperamental restaurant manager may be about to be fired . finn 's assistant is giulia a lovely young italian who prays for a husband . olympia a clumsy bakery clerk has an ornery father ; karen a hairdresser has a mother who is very ill . the paths of these six characters cross at church in the restaurant at the hotel and at an italian class at the local adult school . loneliness grief solace romance and love may meet 'nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita .'
a simpleton inventor becomes a superhero with a bulletproof costume and a low budget .
brilliant researchers lillian reynolds and michael brace have developed a system of recording and playing back actual experiences of people . once the capability of tapping into "higher ...
a papermaker gets involved with a murder case concerning two criminals leading to a determined detective suspecting him and the former 's vicious father searching for him .
herzog 's film is based upon the true and mysterious story of kaspar hauser a young man who suddenly appeared in nuremberg in barely able to speak or walk and bearing a strange note ; he later explained that he had been held captive in a dungeon of some sort for his entire life that he could remember and only recently was he released for reasons unknown . his benefactor attempts to integrate him into society with intriguing results .
sharpshooters zack thomas and joe jarrett are in a texan stage -coach and manage to fight off matson 's robber gang so afterward they can fight over the cash carried by a railroad official . both make it to galveston where each including vexed matson meets up with respective accomplices in various dirty schemes . the money keeps changing hands and the scene shifts to a river boat which should multiply the winnings as a casino but the crooks and bullets follow .
in dieter dengler was shot down over laos captured and down to pounds escaped . barefoot surviving monsoons leeches and machete -wielding villagers he was rescued . now near living on mt . tamalpais dengler tells his story : a german lad surviving allied bombings in world war ii postwar poverty apprenticed to a smith beaten regularly . at he emigrates and peels potatoes in the u .s. air force . he leaves for california and college then enlistment in the navy to learn to fly . a quiet man of sorrows tells his story : war capture harrowing conditions escape and miraculous rescue . where did he find the strength ; how does he now live with his memories ?
the staff of an army hospital in the korean war find that laughter is the best way to deal with their situation .
peter soffel is the stuffy warden of a remote american prison around the turn of the century . his wife kate finds herself attracted to prisoner ed biddle . she abandons her husband and children to help ed and his brother jack escape and accompanies them into the wintery wasteland .
an unhappy middle -aged banker agrees to a procedure that will fake his death and give him a completely new look and identity - one that comes with its own price .
running from the law after a bank robbery in mexico dad longworth finds an opportunity to take the stolen gold and leave his partner rio to be captured . years later rio escapes from the prison where he has been since and hunts down dad for revenge . dad is now a respectable sheriff in california and has been living in fear of rio 's return .
a young man falsely imprisoned by his jealous "friend" escapes and uses a hidden treasure to exact his revenge .
john klein is involved in a car accident with his wife but while he is unharmed his wife mentions a moth shaped creature appearing . after her death john begins to investigate the secrets behind this mentioned mothman . it takes him to a small town of point pleasant west virginia where he discovers a connection with the same problem . here he meets connie mills while he continues to unravel the mystery of what the mothman really is .
in beaufort north carolina a prank on a student goes terribly wrong and puts the student in the hospital . landon carter a popular student with no defined plans for the future is held responsible and forced to participate in after -school community service activities as punishment which include starring as the lead in the school play . also participating in these activities is jamie sullivan the reverend 's daughter who has great ambitions and nothing in common with landon . when landon decides he wants to take his activities seriously he asks jamie for help and begins to spend most of his time with her . but he starts to develop strong feelings for her something he did not expect to do . the two start a relationship much to the chagrin of landon 's old popular friends and jamie 's strict reverend father . but when a heart -breaking secret becomes known that puts their relationship to the test it is then that landon and jamie realize the true meaning of love and fate .
hitomi is a girl with psychic abilities who gets transported to the magical world of gaea . she and her friends find themselves under attack from the evil zaibach empire and the guymelf escaflowne provides the key to it all .
on the surface twenty -five year old bibiane champagne has the perfect life . she is the daughter of the famed flo fabert . she co -owns a chain of boutiques in quebec with her brother philippe . but bibi 's life is in shambles . she has just had an abortion . and the boutiques are failing because of her incompetence which is the result of or has led to her substance abuse . it is also the result of the high expectations on her . bibi 's story is told by a fish awaiting decapitation on a butcher 's block the fish as narrator largely because of the singular and accidental encounter she has with fifty -three year old norwegian fishmonger annstein karlsen . that encounter leads to a further failed decision by bibi and a meeting with annstein 's son evian karlsen who does not know the full extent of bibi and his father 's relationship . bibi 's time with evian may provide some salvation to her crumbling life .
sometime in the future the city of metropolis is home to a utopian society where its wealthy residents live a carefree life . one of those is freder fredersen . one day he spots a beautiful woman with a group of children she and the children who quickly disappear . trying to follow her he oblivious to such is horrified to find an underground world of workers apparently who run the machinery which keeps the above ground utopian world functioning . one of the few people above ground who knows about the world below is freder 's father joh fredersen who is the founder and master of metropolis . freder learns that the woman is maria who espouses the need to join the "hands" - the workers - to the "head" - those in power above - by a mediator or the "heart". freder wants to help the plight of the workers in the want for a better life . but when joh learns of what maria is espousing and that freder is joining their cause joh with the assistance of an old colleague and now nemesis named rotwang an inventor works toward quashing a supposed uprising with maria as the center of their plan . however joh is unaware that rotwang has his own agenda . but if any of these plans includes the shut down of the machines total anarchy could break loose both above ground and below .
giovanni is a successful psychoanalyst who has to put up with the seemingly endless string of trivial details his patients ramble on about . yet his family provides a loving and steadfast foundation for his life that can even survive a problem like their son andrea being accused of stealing a rare fossil in school . that foundation is profoundly rocked when andrea dies in a scuba diving accident . although the usual arrangements run smoothly the emotional harm is profound . giovanni begins to obsessively dwell on the missed chances he had with his son that might have saved his life even blaming his patients . in addition his wife is inconsulable and his daughter is becoming anti social in their loss . in the midst of this turmoil a secret of their son 's life is revealed that provides healing in a way they never anticipated .
storytelling is comprised of two separate stories set against the sadly comical terrain of college and high school past and present . following the paths of its young hopeful / troubled characters it explores issues of sex race celebrity and exploitation
a group of young employees bet a month 's salary winner takes all on who can last the longest without going outside .
huckleberry finn is a young boy in the who runs away from home and floats down the mississippi river . he meets a run away slave named jim and the two undertake a series of adventures based on the picaresque novel by mark twain . as the story progresses the duo exploit an array of episodic enterprises while huckleberry slowly changes his views of bigotry . along the way huck and jim meet the king and duke who ultimately send the protagonists towards a different route on their journey . as huck begins to have a change of heart he gradually begins to distinguish between right and wrong and conclusively huck is faced with the moral dilemma between the world 's prejudice of which he 's grown up with and the lessons jim has taught him throughout the story about the evils of racism .
when alex enters the lives of the musical tuttle family each of the three daughters falls for him . he is charming good looking and personable . laurie and alex seem made for each other and become engaged . when barney comes into the picture to help alex with some musical arrangements matters become complicated . he is seen as a challenge by laurie who can 't believe anyone could be as cynical and she is more than a match for his gloomy outlook on life .
when geeky ethan discovers three fellow students scamming the examination system he blackmails them to win over the college 's most popular girl .
a thirtysomething bank clerk from st albans has his small -town life exploded by the arrival of his russian mail -order bride .
dave is down . his wife lives in washington d .c.; his restaurant the auk in an out -of-the-way newfoundland inlet is a bust ; a drink is rarely out of reach . an odd -duck of a neighbor phonce who has found ten kilos of cocaine and wants dave 's help selling it contrives to keep dave in town by faking and reporting the sighting of a rare bird . soon birders descend from everywhere and the restaurant is a success . dave is snorting the cocaine and falling for a young visitor who helps him out at the auk phonce is launching his recreational submarine and various men who don 't look like birders are poking about . when the chickens come home to roost will dave and phonse have a plan b ?
at an all -black army camp civilian parachute maker and "hot bundle " carmen jones is desired by many of the men . naturally she wants joe who 's engaged to sweet cindy lou and about to go into pilot training for the korean war . going after him she succeeds only in getting him into the stockade . while she awaits his release trouble approaches for both of them . songs from the bizet opera with modernized lyrics .
solange is depressed : she 's stopped smiling she eats little she says less . she has fainting fits . her husband raoul seeks to save her by enlisting stephane a stranger to be her lover . although he listens to mozart and has every pocket book arranged in alphabetical order stephane fails to cheer solange . she knits . she does housework . everyone including their neighbor a vegetable vendor agrees that she needs a child yet she fails to get pregnant by either lover . the three take a job running a kids ' summer camp where they meet christian the precocious -year-old son of the local factory manager . it is christian who restores solange to laughter .
two whimsical aimless thugs harass and assault women steal murder and alternately charm fight or sprint their way out of trouble . they take whatever the bourgeois characters value : ...
a take on the classic tale 'the boy who cried wolf ' this is the story of a -year-old boy named jason shephard who lies for the fun of it . he loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar ' in movie producer marty wolf 's limo which wolf then turns into a film . when jason sees a movie preview of his story he and his best friend kaylee go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using his story to clear his name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf who also turns out to be a big liar .
firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio "the wolf " perrini . frustrated with the official investigation and haunted by the thought that the man responsible for murdering his family might never be brought to justice brewer takes matters into his own hands and tracks his quarry ultimately to colombia .
the big thing in is a violent sport which can have some pretty serious consequences ... like dying .
in the early nicholas garrigan a young semi -idealistic scottish doctor comes to uganda to assist in a rural hospital . once there he soon meets up with the new president idi amin who promises a golden age for the african nation . garrigan hits it off immediately with the rabid scotland fan who soon offers him a senior position in the national health department and becomes one of amin 's closest advisers . however as the years pass garrigan cannot help but notice amin 's increasingly erratic behavior that grows beyond a legitimate fear of assassination into a murderous insanity that is driving uganda into bloody ruin . realizing his dire situation with the lunatic leader unwilling to let him go home garrigan must make some crucial decisions that could mean his death if the despot finds out .
baby bink couldn 't ask for more ; he has adoring (if somewhat sickly -sweet) parents he lives in a huge mansion and he 's just about to appear in the social pages of the paper . unfortunately not everyone in the world is as nice as baby bink 's parents ; especially the three enterprising kidnappers who pretend to be photographers from the newspaper . successfully kidnapping baby bink they have a harder time keeping hold of the rascal who not only keeps one step ahead of them but seems to be more than a little bit smarter than the three bumbling criminals .
when a maid is accidentally hit by a car and killed her young orphaned daughter is forced to live with the snooty couple she used to work for . a custody battle soon ensues between an aviator who adores the little girl and the couple 's crotchety uncle ned .
dimples appleby lives with the pick -pocket grandfather in century new york city . she entertains the crowds while he works his racket . a rich lady makes it possible for the girl to go legit . "uncle tom 's cabin " is performed .
eight -year-old heidi is orphaned and her selfish maternal aunt dete takes her to the mountains to live with adolph kramer her grumpy old outcast survivalist paternal grandfather . heidi brings her grandfather back into mountain society through her angelic ways sheer love and adorable personality . when aunt dete steals heidi away to be the companion of a rich man 's invalid daughter the grandfather is enraged and sets out to get her back . back in frankfurt loved and adored by everyone she touches except the villainous housekeeper fraulein rottenmeier she thrives but is inwardly very sad and lonely . no matter what anyone tells her heidi with faith hope and the stubbornness she inherited from her grandfather knows that some day she will be reunited with the him and the beloved people of the mountain 's little village .
when an accident miraculously gives a boy an incredibly powerful pitching arm he becomes a major league pitcher for the chicago cubs .
john and laura baxter are in venice when they meet a pair of elderly sisters one of whom claims to be psychic . she insists that she sees the spirit of the baxters ' daughter who recently drowned . laura is intrigued but john resists the idea . he however seems to have his own psychic flashes seeing their daughter walk the streets in her red cloak as well as laura and the sisters on a funeral gondola .
three best friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . in the small town in georgia that they live in things soon change . one is little miss perfect one is an engaged prom queen and the other is a pregnant outcast . on the night of their graduation they open the box and they strike up a conversation . suddenly one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . they all decide to go together and they leave . with a little money they set out on the road with a guy named ben . when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . when they reach los angeles lucy (britney spears ) falls in love with ben and against her father 's wishes she stays and she goes to the audition .
fourth -generation army col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . still as the senior -ranking american officer he commands his fellow inmates keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy all under the dangerous eye of the luftwafe vetran col . wilhelm visser . never giving up the fight to win the war mcnamara is silently planning waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . with a court martial to keep visser and the germans distracted mcnamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant enlisting the unwitting help of young lt . tommy hart . together with his men mcnamara uses a hero 's resolve to carry out his mission ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country .
john quincy archibald 's son michael collapses while playing baseball as a result of heart failure . john rushes michael to a hospital emergency room where he is informed that michael 's only hope is a transplant . unfortunately john 's insurance won 't cover his son 's transplant . out of options john q . takes the emergency room staff and patients hostage until hospital doctors agree to do the transplant .
the classic tale of 'peter pan ' continues in disney 's sequel 'return to never land '. in on a world besieged by world war ii wendy now grown up has two children one of them is her daughter jane . she wears her trench coat during the air raid and later that night wendy tries to give her own children hope by telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in never land . however jane wendy 's daughter sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . that is until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . peter pan 's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination .
thorny mac rabbit foster and farva are vermont state troopers out to have a good time . stationed in a remote area near the canadian border the troopers avid pranksters with an affinity for syrup have a knack for screwing up on the job . but when budget cuts in the town of spurbury threaten their livelihood and pit them against arch -rival spurbury p .d. the five friends try to straighten up and fly right . that is until a dead body is discovered and a possible drug ring is unearthed . the super troopers spring into action attempting to solve the crime save their jobs and outdo the local police department .
following his mother 's death mark is sent to maine to visit his aunt and uncle while his father goes on a business trip to tokyo . mark meets his cousin henry and the two quickly form a friendship . however henry begins to show signs of violent behavior that worry mark .
told in flashback form the film traces the rise and fall of a tough ambitious hollywood producer jonathan shields as seen through the eyes of various acquaintances including a writer james lee bartlow a star georgia lorrison and a director fred amiel . he is a hard -driving ambitious man who ruthlessly uses everyone - including the writer star and director - on the way to becoming one of hollywood 's top movie makers .
story of singer fanny brice 's stormy relationship with showman billy rose .
a rebellious hard -living factory worker juggles relationships with two women one of whom is married to another man but pregnant with his child .
milo tindle and andrew wyke have something in common andrew 's wife . in an attempt to find a way out of this without costing andrew a fortune in alimony he suggests milo pretend to rob his house and let him claim the insurance on the stolen jewelry . the problem is that they don 't really like each other and each cannot avoid the zinger on the other . the plot has many shifts in which the advantage shifts between milo and andrew .
in berlin an alcoholic man recently released from prison joins his elderly friend and a prostitute in a determined dream to leave germany and seek a better life in wisconsin .
silent as a painting the movie shows us day -dreamer hermie and his friends oscy and benjie spending the summer of on an us island with their parents - rather unaffected by wwii . while oscy 's main worries are the when and how of getting laid hermie honestly falls in love with the older dorothy who 's married to an army pilot . when her husband returns to the front hermie shyly approaches her .
when the owner of a struggling used car lot is killed it 's up to the lot 's hot -shot salesman to save the property from falling into the hands of the owner 's ruthless brother and used -car rival .
dr . joe darrow is a recently widowed doctor . he is grieving due to the death of his pregnant wife in a red cross mission in venezuela . although being atheist he began to believe that his dead wife wants to communicate with him through her young patients in the pediatrics of a chicago hospital .
the vampire lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the queen of all vampires .
disgraced ex -england captain (danny 'mean machine ' meehan ) is thrown in jail for assaulting two police officers . whilst in jail he doesn 't recieve any favours because of his celebrity status in the outside world . he is out numbered and many prisoners constantly barrage him with insults for letting down his country in a crucial world cup game . he keeps his head down and has the opportunity to forget everything and change the lives of the prisoners . these prisoners have the chance to put one over the evil guards . the prisoners are lead by danny and the whole of the prison guards aside are behind them . game on ......
a stressed father a bride -to-be with a secret a smitten event planner and relatives from around the world create much ado about the preparations for an arranged marriage in india .
a feature -length documentary film about hip -hop djing otherwise known as turntablism . from the south bronx in the to san francisco now the world 's best scratchers beat -diggers party -rockers and producers wax poetic on beats breaks battles and the infinite possibilities of vinyl .
a grizzled little league coach tries to turn his team of misfits into champs .
sentimental sequel film finds the bears somehow the little league champions of california . as a result the team is invited to play a between -games exhibition at the houston astrodome with the local champs the toros . kelly leak the bears ' star player decides to rejoin the team and go with them to houston to make amends with his estranged father mike .
in a far -future time ruled by the supernatural a young girl requests the help of a vampire hunter to kill the vampire who has bitten her and thus prevent her from becoming a vampire herself .
with the exception of his elderly housekeeper miss agda who he treats almost like a surrogate platonic wife widowed seventy -eight year old dr . isak borg a former medical doctor and professor has retreated from any human contact partly his own want but partly the decision of others who do not want to spend time with him because of his cold demeanor . he is traveling from his home in stockholm to lund to accept an honorary degree . instead of flying as was the original plan he decides to take the day long drive instead . along for the ride is his daughter -in-law marianne who had been staying with him for the month but has now decided to go home . the many stops and encounters along the way make him reminisce about various parts of his life . those stops which make him reminisce directly are at his childhood summer home at the home of his equally emotionally cold mother and at a gas station where the attendants praise him as a man for his work . but the lives of other people they encounter almost mirror his own including hitchhikers sara viktor and anders - who remind him of his cousin sara who he was going to marry himself and his irresponsible brother sigfrid who sara eventually married - a bickering married couple sten and berit alman and marianne and her husband and isak 's son evald whose marriage is as strained as was his own .
nicole broke up with matt months ago and is now engaged to someone else . he 's very good -looking and has no trouble finding other lovers but that doesn 't help because he 's still obsessed with wanting her back . then he gets the inspiration that swearing off sex for lent (all forms of sexual activity even kissing or masturbation ) will give him the perspective he needs . so of course a few days later he meets a woman and they fall in love . now matt sees his vow as a personal matter and won 't even tell her about it but his friends think otherwise and now the complications begin ...
the story of the first major battle of the american phase of the vietnam war and the soldiers on both sides that fought it .
shane and june brown are an american couple honeymooning in paris in an effort to nurture their new life together a life complicated by shane 's mysterious and frequent visits to a medical clinic where cutting edge studies of the human libido are undertaken . when shane seeks out a self -exiled expert in the field he happens upon the doctor 's wife another victim of the same malady . she has become so dangerous and emotionally paralyzed by the condition that her husband imprisons her by day in their home . it is shane 's chance encounter with this woman that triggers an event so cataclysmic and shocking it might just lead him to rediscover the tranquility he seeks to restore for himself and his new bride .
the magical inhabitants of a rainforest fight to save their home which is threatened by logging and a polluting force of destruction called hexxus .
vincent eastman has to choose between his wife of years sally and his new love olivia . frequent flashbacks explain the background to the marriage and the affair .
stanley is a kindhearted popular troll who can create flowers with a mere touch . when gnorga the mean -spirited queen of the kingdom of trolls discovers stanley 's secret she banishes him ...
strangers searching for a young woman 's missing father arrive at a tropical island where a doctor desperately searches for the cause and cure of a recent epidemic of the undead .
shortly before his execution on the death row in san quentin amateur sleuth and baby photographer ronnie jackson tells reporters how he got there .
tom and ellen bowen are a brother and sister dance act whose show closes in new york . their agent books them in london for the same period as the royal wedding . they travel by ship where ellen meets and becomes involved with lord john brindale . this causes her to miss a rehearsal . tom (astaire) uses the time to dance with a hat rack and gym equipment . later tom and ellen attempt a graceful dance number as the ship rolls . upon arrival tom holds auditions and meets anne . there is much indecision by the siblings about their romantic partners even though they are in -the-clouds. tom dances on the walls and ceiling of his hotel room . all ends well in this light musical . by the way there is a vaudeville -style dance number in their show that features slapstick . it 's a hoot .
when a man in mid -life crisis befriends a young woman her venal fianc persuades her to con him out of some of the fortune she thinks he has .
a bounty hunter chases and catches suspects all over miami . he ends up getting shot at and start to second guess his job as a bounty hunter . while he feels he need to be making more and having real money . meanwhile reggie wright will soon be his next target after playing and winning the lotto at the liquor store . the two are in for a wild journey ahead of them after witnessing an attempt diamond heist . they decided to put aside the arguing and differences to recover the stones and turn in reggie 's and gina lotto ticket .
arty film -within-a-film revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide .
the young handsome but somewhat wild eugene morgan wants to marry isabel amberson daughter of a rich upper -class family but she instead marries dull and steady wilbur minafer . their only child george grows up a spoiled brat . years later eugene comes back now a mature widower and a successful automobile maker . after wilbur dies eugene again asks isabel to marry him and she is receptive . but george resents the attentions paid to his mother and he and his whacko aunt fanny manage to sabotage the romance . a series of disasters befall the ambersons and george and he gets his come -uppance in the end .
a story set in santiago and centered on gloria a free -spirited older woman and the realities of her whirlwind relationship with a former naval officer whom she meets out in the clubs .
a rather incoherent post -breakup sex pistols "documentary" told from the point of view of pistols manager malcolm mclaren whose (arguable) position is that the sex pistols in particular ...
hawk having suffered the ignominy of watching both his father and fiance die at the hands of his brother voltan sets out on a quest for companions to aid him in his fight to stop his brother 's reign of evil and free the abbess .
buck bonham is a county singer with a good family struggling to find national fame . he juggles his music career with his obligations to his long -suffering wife and their son . he has everything going his way until his longtime guitarist retires from the band . his plucky young daughter eagerly accepts the position meant to last several weeks . the road leads to temptation as the young woman admits a longtime crush on him which leads to his downfall . the only question is will his family and friends stand by him before things come crashing down ?
grounded with a desk job by incompetent superiors a clever cia agent retires and writes a tell all memoir that will embarrass his bosses prompting him to go on the run and elude them .
cantor rabinowitz is concerned and upset because his son jakie shows so little interest in carrying on the family 's traditions and heritage . for five generations men in the family have been cantors in the synagogue but jakie is more interested in jazz and ragtime music . one day they have such a bitter argument that jakie leaves home for good . after a few years on his own now calling himself jack robin he gets an important opportunity through the help of well -known stage performer mary dale . but jakie finds that in order to balance his career his relationship with mary and his memories of his family he will be forced to make some difficult choices .
harold a prosperous english gangster is about to close a lucrative new deal when bombs start showing up in very inconvenient places . a mysterious syndicate is trying to muscle in on his action and harold wants to know who they are . he finds out soon enough and bloody mayhem ensues .
just a simple little story of three guys finally getting together for a much -delayed "road trip ".
a writer of horror stories is invited to a "monster club " by a mysterious old gentleman . there three gruesome stories are told to him ; between each story some musicians play their songs .
farmer vincent kidnaps unsuspecting travellers and is burying them in his garden . unfortunately for his victims they are not dead . he feeds his victims to prepare them for his roadside stand . his motto is : it takes all kinds of critters ...to make farmer vincents fritters . the movie is gory but is also a parody of slasher movies like last house on the left .
a new commanding officer arrives at a remote castle serving as an insane asylum for crazy and awol u .s. army soldiers where he attempts to rehabilitate them by allowing them to live out their crazy fantasies while combating his own long -suppressed insanity .
kanji lalji mehta though an atheist owns a small shop selling religious goods concocting cock -and-bull stories to extract higher fees from his customers for his wares . when in openly defying god an earthquake destroys his (and only his ) only source of income with the insurance company refusing to pay up on the basis of it being an 'act of god ' kanjibhai takes god to the court . with many similarly unfortunate people pinning their hopes to him kanji 's lack of courtroom experience may leave him unable to prove his point - that is until approached by a man introducing himself as krishna vasudeva yadav . krishna helps kanji win his case his family and helps him find his faith in god along the way showing how priests can turn religion into a business and that god can be found everywhere particularly in a house of worship .
back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age a sloth named sid a woolly mammoth named manny and a saber -toothed tiger named diego are forced to become unlikely heroes . the three reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age .
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called "the hive " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab "animals" that they were studying . the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit where they meet alice who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . the military team must shut down the computer and get out fighting their way past zombies mutants and the computer itself before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . alice must also come to terms with her slowly -returning memories .
a spoof of buddy cop movies where two very different cops are forced to team up on a new reality based t .v. cop show .
a woman searching for the perfect man instead discovers the perfect woman .
several jewish and palestinian children are followed for three years and put in touch with each other in this alternative look at the jewish -palestinian conflict . the three filmmakers ...
sensitive study of a headstrong high school football star who dreams of getting out of his small western pennsylvania steel town with a football scholarship . his equally ambitious coach aims at a college position resulting in a clash which could crush the player 's dreams .
epic account of the thief barabbas who was spared crucifixion when pilate manipulated the crowd into to pardoning him rather than jesus . struggling with his spirituality barabbas goes through many ordeals leading him to the gladiatorial arena where he tries to win his freedom and confront his inner demons ultimately becoming a follower of the man who was crucified in his place .
someone is selling guns to the indians and in order to find the culprit calamity jane and a secret agent go undercover posing as man and wife . when the agent is killed jane recruits a new husband -- none other than innocent dupe "painless" peter potter a totally inept dentist and confirmed coward who 's main goal is to leave the barbaric west far behind . when their wagon train is attacked by the indians it 's jane 's sharpshooting that saves the day but she gives the credit to potter making him an instant hero to the townspeople and instant target to both the indians and the gunrunners .
jeff and turkey two wild and crazy guys adrift on a raft in the mediterranean are cast away on a desert shore and hop a convenient camel to an arabian nights city where turkey soon finds himself sold as a slave ...to luscious princess shalmar of karameesh . naturally jeff would like to rescue turkey from this "dire" fate even if it means taking his place ! but they haven 't figured on virile desert chieftain mullay kassim who has designs on the princess himself ...
bing crosby and bob hope star in the first of the 'road to ' movies as two playboys trying to forget previous romances in singapore - until they meet dorothy lamour .
at the turn of the century duke and chester two vaudeville performers go to alaska to make their fortune . on the ship to skagway they find a map to a secret gold mine which had been ...
chuck and his pal fearless flee a south african carnival when their sideshow causes a fire . after several similar escapades they 've finally saved enough to return to the usa when chuck spends it all on a "lost" diamond mine . but that 's only the beginning ; before long a pair of attractive con -women have tricked our heroes into financing a comic safari featuring numerous burlesque jungle adventures ...
simple conversations engender complicated human interactions . jeanne is open and even -tempered a philosophy teacher at a lyce . her fianc is away and she doesn 't want to stay at his messy ...
an announcement that the venerable bunker hill military academy a year old institute is to be torn down and replaced with condos sets off the young cadets led by their stodgy commander . under the command of a student cadet major the cadets seize the campus refuse entry of the construction crews and ultimately confront the real military .
wrongfully accused of a bank robbery a writer seeks the help of his ex -wife who is now married to the soon -to-be d .a. of california .
it 's the end of the hippies are assimilating women are raising their consciousness and men are becoming confused and ineffectual . don 't expect to be able to keep track of all the names or who 's sleeping with whom ; the picture very skillfully conveys the hopeless muddle through which the many characters move as they try to find themselves .
after failing his fellow students in a lion dance competition dragon (jackie chan ) is sent away from his school in disgrace on the condition that he must find his errant brother . much martial arts mayhem and mistaken -identity silliness ensue .
long ago there was a great samurai warrior who served his shogun honorably . the shogun however grew paranoid as he became more and more senile . the shogun sought to destroy all those who might stand to oppose his rule and so he sent his ninja spies to the samurai 's home . the ninjas failed to kill the samurai but did kill his beloved wife . from then on the samurai swore on his honor to seek out the shogun and avenge the death of his love . the samurai roams the countryside with his toddler son taking on mercenary work for money until the final battle with the shogun 's three masters of death .
it 's been a few years since cletus and the bandit made their famous -hour run to texas for a few cases of coors . bandit is now a washed -up has -been living in the past until big enos and little enos make him another offer : transport a live elephant across country in days or less .
the bandit is hired on to run a tractor trailer full of beer over county lines in hot pursuit by a pesky sheriff .
set up and wrongfully accused two best friends will be sent to prison for a crime they didn 't commit however no prison cell can keep them locked in .
a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . the reaper . a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires and soon there won 't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . blade whistler (yes he 's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade 's assistance . blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . blade 's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations .
three rowdy college students are kicked out of their dorm and dress up in drag to live in the dog house where the girls deemed unattractive live .
pete an eight -year-old catholic boy growing up in the suburbs of chicago in the mid attends catholic school where as classes let out for the summer he 's admonished by a nun to ...
a group of children in a depressed small town band together to cover up a tragic mistake one summer .
until now zak gibbs ' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father 's various inventions and slips it on something very strange happens . the world around him seemingly comes to a stop ; giving the effect that everyone has come to a stop . zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device and he and his quick -witted beautiful new friend francesca have some real fun . what they soon realize though is they are not alone in hypertime .
fired in disgrace kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street while his replacement sheldon mopes finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with and some he doesn 't know he 's working for are all in it for the money . meanwhile randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury .
recently divorced meg altman and her daughter sarah have bought a new home in new york . on their tour around the mansion they come across the panic room . a room so secure that no one can get in . when three burglars break in meg makes a move to the panic room . but all her troubles don 't stop there . the criminals know where she is and what they require the most in the house is in that very room .
a rookie is taken out to his first crime scene not expecting the crime his mentor sees everyday .
a young man romantically pursues his masochistic piano teacher .
as each of a group of six african -american friends in new york city approach their thirtieth birthdays they pause to evaluate life and question whether their hopes and dreams are going to come true as the realities of age mortality and loss of metabolism start to set in .
during the depression a union leader and a young woman become criminals to exact revenge on the management of a railroad .
the thirty year -old hard -worker bobby grady is married with two children to the frigid amy grady and their marriage is in crisis . bobby is invited to work the night shift at a fashion design studio whose owner believes his talented and introspective designer joanna crane is selling his designs to competitors . bobby accepts the job to make money and please amy with a bathtub and follows joanna after hours . he discovers she has a double life working as a fifty -dollar hooker called china blue in the red light district and practicing kinky sex with her clients to satisfy their fantasies . bobby becomes obsessed by china blue and when the true thief is found he has sex with her and they have a crush on each other . meanwhile the insane preacher rev . peter shayne (anthony perkins ) decides to save joanna 's soul and stalks her everywhere .
a professional killer comes out ot retirement to investigate and avenge the brutal murder of an old friend .
a nerd gains the friendship of two of his frat brothers when his dad offers them his condo for the week in palm springs and also offers the fraternity a hot tub and jacuzzi if they can help his son find a girl . they meet two guys from a rival fraternity and make a bet on who can nail the designated babe first .
paris . novelist george sand who is known to be writing her memoirs is causing a sensation in the literary scene not only for the quality of her writing but because of her extreme views and manners including blurring the lines between the sexes - she generally wearing men 's clothes - and her non -belief in the sanctity of marriage after having gone through the institution once before now preferring sexual liaisons outside of her own wedlock with the marital status of her lovers of no concern to her . she is just coming to the end of a turbulent affair with flicien mallefille who she is now trying to avoid in his continual pursuit of her . despite thinking it will be a bore because of their insufferable hostess she invites herself to a weekend gathering of some of france 's greatest artistic and creative minds - many who are attending solely for a weekend of free food - at the country estate of the duke and duchess d 'antan in angers . george 's want to attend is largely to get away from mallefille but also to meet visiting polish composer frdric chopin who is an acquaintance of her cohabiting friends hungarian pianist franz liszt and countess marie d 'agoult. marie largely acts as george 's confidante . george has fallen in love with chopin through his music not even yet having met the man himself . george spends the weekend and beyond pursuing the sensitive and somewhat sickly chopin her conquest of him which may be difficult due to their fundamental differences . that conquest is made even more difficult by other guests of the duke and duchess : mallefille ; writer alfred de musset another of george 's former lovers ; two hellions also known as her adolescent children onto who she has passed her relaxed views of the world ; and marie who george does not know wants to have a sexual liaison with chopin herself behind liszt 's back .
high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband who she thought was tom kubik is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system she 'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile claire 's sister jackie is falling in love with wet -behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died .
half -way through his -year prison sentence for an incompetent armed robbery jimmy hands gets a lucky break : he 's transferred to a prison from which he can probably escape . he convinces the governor to stage a musical in an old chapel next to the prison 's outer wall . he rounds up volunteer actors and puts his escape plan into production . two other barriers besides the wall confront him : the arrival of a nasty inmate john toombes who insists on joining the escape and jimmy 's feelings of attraction for anabel a social worker who agrees to appear in the play . opening night approaches : is this jimmy 's breakout performance ?
disturbing collection of and united states government issued propaganda films designed to reassure americans that the atomic bomb was not a threat to their safety .
charley davis wins an amateur boxing match and is taken on by promoter quinn . charley 's mother doesn 't want him to fight but when charley 's father is accidentally killed charley sets up a fight for money . his career blooms as he wins fight after fight but soon an unethical promoter named roberts begins to show an interest in charley and charley finds himself faced with increasingly difficult choices .
a priest a woodcutter and another man are taking refuge from a rainstorm in the shell of a former gatehouse called rashmon . the priest and the woodcutter are recounting the story of a murdered samurai whose body the woodcutter discovered three days earlier in a forest grove . both were summoned to testify at the murder trial the priest who ran into the samurai and his wife traveling through the forest just before the murder occurred . three other people who testified at the trial are supposedly the only direct witnesses : a notorious bandit named tajmaru who allegedly murdered the samurai and raped his wife ; the white veil cloaked wife of the samurai ; and the samurai himself who testifies through the use of a medium . the three tell a similarly structured story - that tajmaru kidnapped and bound the samurai so that he could rape the wife - but which ultimately contradict each other the motivations and the actual killing being what differ . the woodcutter reveals at rashmon that he knows more than he let on at the trial thus bringing into question his own actions . but another discovery at rashmon and the resulting actions from the discovery bring back into focus the woodcutter 's own humanity or lack thereof .
a failing ice hockey team finds success using constant fighting and violence during games .
an attorney in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi -million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman causing him to miss his custody hearing . during the process of the post -crash discussion the attorney accidentally drops the papers he needs to present in court . the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . a few questionable actions later on both parties ' part they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . in the end both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . contains mild violence and profanity .
a man confesses to an fbi agent his family 's story of how his religious fanatic father 's visions lead to a series of murders to destroy supposed "demons."
to ease their roommate through a relationship -induced depression christina walters and courtney rockcliffe take her out on the town . during their attempts to find her "mr. right now " christina meets peter donahue . missing her opportunity with him that night christina is talked into pursuing him to his brother 's wedding .
an orange cat lets it be known that it hates dogs . when the cat runs across a big mean looking bull dog the cat does whatever it can to avoid the wrath of the dog while tormenting it . the cat comes across a device which lets it throw its voice which the cat uses to trick the dog into thinking it 's where it 's not really located . ultimately the cat uses the device to turn another group of canines against one of their own . but the cat 's action has an unforeseen consequence against itself .
a philosophical burlesque human nature follows the ups and downs of an obsessive scientist a female naturalist and the man they discover born and raised in the wild . as scientist nathan trains the wild man puff in the ways of the world - starting with table manners - nathan 's lover lila fights to preserve the man 's simian past which represents a freedom enviable to most . in the power struggle that ensues an unusual love triangle emerges exposing the perversities of the human heart and the idiosyncrasies of the civilized mind . human nature is a comical examination of the trappings of desire in a world where both nature and culture are idealized .
toula portokalos is greek and works in her family 's restaurant dancing zorba 's in chicago . all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . but toula is looking for more in life . her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college (making him think it 's his idea ). with those classes under her belt she then takes over her aunt 's travel agency (again making her father think it 's his idea ). she meets ian miller a high school english teacher wasp and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . her father is livid over her dating a non -greek. he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula 's huge family and toula has to learn to accept herself .
at the beginning of the century a newspaper organizes an endurance horse race : miles to run in a few days . adventurers are competing among them a woman miss jones a mexican an englishman a young cowboy an old one and two friends sam clayton and luke matthews . all those individualists will learn to respect each other .
a bush pilot is hired for to go to mexico to free an innocent prisoner .
when a hypochondriac learns that he is dying he accepts an offer to throw himself in a volcano at a tropical island and along the way there learns to truly live .
a down -to-earth account of the lives of both illustrious and ordinary romans set in the last days of the roman republic .
mad scientist professor gangreen is cooking up the second coming of the great tomato uprising in which music converted tomatoes into human form to war against mankind . pizza delivery man chad finletter must save the world and beautiful tomato -girl tara .
jimmy dworski (jim belushi ) is a criminal serving the last hours of a jail sentence . he wins a couple of baseball tickets by calling a radio quiz show . with help of other inmates he escapes to go watch the game . when by chance he finds the filofax of executive spencer barns (charles grodin ) who loses it while traveling on a business weekend . jimmy finds cash credit cards and the key to a big mansion . he jumps on the opportunity and starts posing as barns . while the real barnes is trying to find his filofax he gets in all sorts of trouble . how will things turn out when the two finally meet ?
richard haywood a californian high school 's coolest kid secretly teams up with another rich kid in his class brilliant nerd justin 'bonaparte' pendleton whose erudition specially in forensic matters allows them to plan elaborately perfect murders just for the kick for which they set up richard 's marijuana supplier their school 's janitor ray feathers as a psychotic serial killer . the case is assigned to detectives cassie 'the hyena ' mayweather who carries a sequoia -size chip on the shoulder from her previous life and her brilliant new partner sam kennedy who just transferred from the vice squad ; they can work together very well and even fit romantically but fall out over different professional attitudes towards the investigation which captain rod cody and her understandably vindictive abused ex assistant d .a. al swanson soon ban her from when she disobeys instructions and hand to him . when the plotting boys both dig class -mate lisa mills their unnatural bond comes under stress - will it break allowing the hard -pressed police to bring them down ?
in an ancient time predating the pyramids the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . now with the help of the trickster arpid tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally it 's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king .
in new york 's storied chelsea hotel a novelist a dancer a painter a poet an aged jazz singer and a young troubadour sort out their personal and artistic lives within walls haunted by the likes of dylan thomas o . henry and sarah bernhardt . a boozy novelist balances wife mistress and stories . a dancer who 's a waitress in the basement club chooses between a hollywood jerk and a local painter . a youth from minnesota who composes and sings may be the next bob dylan . a poet decides to give her feckless boyfriend another chance even as her eyes tell us she knows what 's ahead . an old jazz artist wants to place a bet and share his love for lady day . these walls do seem to talk .
during the heart of world war ii in march of cryptoanalysts at britain 's code -breaking center have discovered to their horror that nazi u -boats have changed their enigma code . authorities enlist the help of a brilliant young man named tom jericho to help them break the code again . the possibility of a spy within the british code -breakers' ranks looms and tom 's love claire has disappeared . to solve the mysteries tom recruits claire 's best friend hester wallace . in investigating claire 's personal life the pair discovers personal and international betrayals .
early one morning marcos observes juan successfully pulling off a bill -changing scam on a cashier and then getting caught as he attempts to pull the same trick on the next shift . marcos steps in claiming to be a policeman and drags juan out of the store . once they are back on the street marcos reveals himself to be a fellow swindler with a game of much higher stakes in mind and he invites juan to be his partner in crime . a once -in-a-lifetime scheme seemingly falls into their laps - an old -time con man enlists them to sell a forged set of extremely valuable rare stamps the nine queens . the tricky negotiations that ensue bring into the picture a cast of suspicious characters including marcos ' sister valeria their younger brother federico and a slew of thieves conmen and pickpockets . as the deceptions mount it becomes more and more difficult to figure out who is conning whom .
set way in the future earth is no longer inhabitable so humans have colonized in outer space . one colony receives two cryogenically frozen bodies and when they defrost them one of the bodies turns out to be .....who else ? jason voorhees . no longer in the forest or camp crystal lake jason stalks the colonists in a whole new environment .
a reporter lanie kerrigan (jolie) interviews a psychic homeless man (shalhoub) for a fluff piece about a football game 's score . instead he tells her that her life has no meaning and is going to end in just a few days which sparks her to action trying to change the pattern of her life ...
bob an old gangster and gambler is almost broke so he decides in spite of the warnings of a friend a high official from the police to rob a gambling casino in dauville . everything is planned exactly but the police is informed about the planned coup . meanwhile in the casino bob starts to gamble .
joe 's a car salesman with a problem . he has two days to sell cars or he loses his job . this would be a difficult task at the best of times but joe has to contend with his girlfriends (he's two timing ) a missing teenage daughter and an ex -wife. what more could go wrong ?.. a lot enter a crazy jealous husband with a machine gun ..
an eccentric marketing guru visits a coca -cola subsidiary in australia to try and increase market penetration . he finds zero penetration in a valley owned by an old man who makes his own soft drinks and visits the valley to see why . after "the kid 's" persistence is tested he 's given a tour of the man 's plant and they begin talking of a joint venture . things get more complicated when the coca -cola man begins falling in love with his temporary secretary who seems to have connections to the valley .
jack is the head writer for a successful soap opera and he 's sweet on the show 's star lovely laura . it 's easy for everyone but jack to see that she 's playing him for a sap . but a conk on the head brings jack some new insights - and some new powers . he finds himself in ashford falls site of his fictional soap opera -- and everything he writes comes true ! it 's a fantastic opportunity to get rachel laura 's character to fall in love with him . but life isn 't easy even in the fictional world and even when you 're the author !
when their best friends announce that they 're separating a professor and his wife discover the faults in their own marriage .
interview -style biography of controversial and pioneering stand -up comedian lenny bruce . the film traces bruce from his beginnings as a catskills comic to his later underground popularity based on his anti -establishment politics and his scatological humor .
a french anthropologist moves to los angeles and is followed by the evil spirits of an extinct tribe he once uncovered .
temp follows the misadventures of fresh faced recruitment consultant heather larson (lily brown ) as she attempts to offer sound career advice to a number of troublesome and difficult clients all whilst trying to figure out her own life choices and career dreams .
a woman trapped in a boring marriage begins an affair with a handsome man who seems able to read her mind . she doesn 't know that he has broken into her house and read her diaries where she has recorded her deepest thoughts and fantasies .
a woman lawyer becomes mesmerized by a self -made millionaire during an encounter in rio setting off a series of erotic encounters .
val waxman is a film director who was once big in the 's and 's but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . finally he gets an offer to make a big film . but disaster strikes when val goes temporarily blind due to paranoia . so he and a few friends try to cover up his disability without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind .
when bitten by a genetically modified spider a nerdy shy and awkward high school student gains spider -like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family .
the big sleep is the story of a private investigator named philip marlowe hired by a wealthy general to find out and stop his youngest daughter carmen from being blackmailed about her gambling debts ; things almost immediately unravel and blow up from here as marlowe finds himself deep within a web of love triangles blackmail murder gambling and organized crime . marlowe with the help of the general 's eldest daughter vivian skillfully plot to free the family from this web and trap the main main behind much of this mischief eddie to meet his end at the hands of his own henchmen .
a blind man moves into his own apartment against the wishes of his overprotective mother and befriends the freethinking young woman next door .
toni simmons believes that the only reason her married lover won 't leave his wife is because of the children . in truth her lover dentist julian winston doesn 't have any children . in fact julian doesn 't even have a wife - he just tells women he does to avoid getting involved . when julian does decide to take the plunge with toni she insists on meeting the first wife and julian enlists the aid of his long -time nurse /receptionist stephanie dickinson to play the part .
a black hole hits north wisconsin and opens a door to other dimensions . giant meter spiders emerge from it who have an appetite for human flesh ! dr . jenny langer and dr . vance from the nasa try to save the world .
when will stoneman 's father dies he is left alone to take care of his mother and their land . needing money to maintain it he decides to join a cross country dogsled race . this race will ...
an unknown virus pandemic kills more than % of the world 's population . those immune must strive to survive and overcome the difficulties of this new world order hoping that the virus will not mutate .
jack london 's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog -wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him .
a dark comedy about an office worker and his first day on the job . after a day of unusual occurrences gregg (with two g 's) is accidentally locked in the office overnight .
connie sumner has a loving husband a beautiful home and a wonderful son but she wants more . when she 's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . but her selfish actions soon catch up with her ...
during the french revolution a scottish aristocrat and her former lover the duke of orleans find themselves on opposite sides of the conflict .
the prostitute liz works on the streets of los angeles . she recalls her life in flashback when she marries an alcoholic man . she leaves him with their son . then she works as waitress in a diner until the day a man introduces her to prostitution . later she is raped by at least five men and the pimp blake "protects" her . liz tries to escape from blake and befriends the prostitute katie ; however blake chases her . on the streets she befriends the homeless rasta (antonio fargas ) that helps her when she needs .
an ambitious asian briton and his white lover strive for success and hope when they open up a glamorous laundromat .
deadwood dakota territory is largely the abode of men where indian scout calamity jane is as hard -riding boastful and handy with a gun as any ; quite an overpowering personality . but the army lieutenant she favors doesn 't really appreciate her finer qualities . one of jane 's boasts brings her to chicago to recruit an actress for the golden garter stage . arrived the lady in question appears (at first ) to be a more feminine rival for the favors of jane 's male friends ...including her friendly enemy wild bill hickock .
veronica and boris are walking in the streets of moscow and they love each other . veronica is laughing cause they are happy together this morning . they see some cranes in the sky . when arriving to veronica 's house they talk about a rendezvous at the bank of the river . and the world war begins in moscow . boris works in a factory and he hasn 't got time to speak with veronica . he has to go to the war ...
on a train trip west to become a mail order bride susan bradley meets a cheery crew of young women traveling out to open a " harvey house " restaurant at a remote whistle stop to provide good cooking and wholesome company for railway travellers . when susan and her bashful suitor find romance daunting susan joins the harvey girls instead . the saloon across the street with its alluring worldly -wise women offers them tough competition fair and foul and susan catches the eye of the ned trent the distant but intense proprietor of the bar .
a cynical immature young man is taught how to act like a grown -up by a little boy .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
in london two friends use the same pseudonym ("ernest") for their on -the-sly activities . hilarity ensues .
philo beddoe is an easy -going trucker and a great fist -fighter. with two friends - orville who promotes prize -fights for him and clyde the orangutan he won on a bet - he roams the san fernando valley in search of cold beer country music and the occasional punch -up. but he is floored himself by a dainty little country and western singer who gives him the slip when she realizes he 's getting too serious . phil clyde and orville set off in pursuit pestered by bikers .
on his uncle 's death sir henry baskerville returns from abroad and opens up the ancestral hall on the desolate moors of devonshire . holmes uncovers a plot to have sir henry murdered by a terrible trained hound . first casting of rathbone and bruce as holmes and watson .
a prostitute sentenced to death for murder pleads her innocence .
july vienna . a cunning businessman struggles for a way to get rid of his shoddy merchandise . serendipitously arch prince ferdinand was just assassinated in sarajevo and the turmoil that follows is just what arnheim was hoping for .
an abused woman discovers that the dream man she married isn 't who she thought he was . she and her daughter try to escape (aided by her previous boyfriend ) but he pursues her relentlessly . fearing also for the safety of her daughter she decides that there 's only one way out of the marriage : kill him .
sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town a police detective (pacino) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . instead of admitting his guilt the detective is given an unexpected alibi but this "solution" only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner 's death . he 's also still got a murder to solve in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . there 's also a local detective (swank) who is conducting her own personal investigation ... of his partner 's death . will it all come crashing down on him ?
raghunandan is an ex -bank of england employee who resigned his lucrative job because he was bored with the rather sedentary and mundane nature of his work . he chose journalism as his next career and worked in different cities in india . he now works for a tv news channel as an interviewer in a popular show named "show the spirit ". in the mean time he is in the process of writing an english novel too . he is essentially a loner but is a compulsive alcoholic and has an expensive collection of vintage drinks at home . it was his excessive drinking that resulted in his divorce some years back but he shares a healthy friendship with his ex -wife meera and her current husband alexy . the couple have custody of raghunandan 's and meera 's son aditya a .k.a sunny who is deaf and mute . raghunandan 's fatal addiction towards alcohol takes a heavy toll on his personal and professional life . however good sense dawns albeit late when he comes across a man who is worse than him because of his drinking problem .
a physics professor approaching middle age decides to change his life with unexpected results . a rising young prosecuting attorney 's plans are thrown into disarray as the result of a single careless act while distracted . a woman reluctantly faces her husband 's infidelity . an envious insurance claims manager with family problems seeks revenge on a cheerful coworker but has second thoughts . and an optimistic young cleaning woman awaits a miracle only to have her faith shaken by a traumatic event . these ordinary people all find themselves asking the fundamental question philosophers have pondered throughout history : what is happiness and how does one achieve it ?
police inspector dayashanker pandey is a slacker a man who does not want to put his life under any risk and is quite comfortable sharing tall tales and a desk job . fate has other plans ...
mountain rivera a punchy has -been managed by the unprincipled maish is mauled in a fight and forced to quit boxing . can his devoted cutman and a sympathetic social worker help him find a life outside the ring or will maish find a way to exploit him one more time ?
when the president of russia suddenly dies a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . the change in political leaders sparks paranoia among american cia officials so cia director bill cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation . then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u .s. city and america is quick to blame the russians .
a white faceless corporate despot known only as "the man " has the power to unleash a terrifying top -secret weapon : an irresistibly packaged psycho -hallucinogenic drug that will reduce the entire population to mindless zombies . but black folks have soul . but with enough funky sense of style a smooth way with the ladies and an absolute hunger for justice with his bruce lee moves cadillac attitude and an arsenal of outrageous disguises and gadgets undercover brother is recruited by the group of good guys know as the b .r.o.t.h.e.r.h.o.o.d. an all -black justice league to foil the man 's plan to derail a colin powell -like presidential candidate and undercover brother 's undercover exploits keep the slim plot moving . but while he and his sassy cat -fighting partner known as sistah girl tries to find out what 's going on the leader 's ruthless right arm mr . feather discovers the conspiracy 's sexy secret weapon penelope snow .
true story of a transatlantic business correspondence about used books that developed into a close friendship .
in a future where all flora is extinct on earth an astronaut is given orders to destroy the last of earth 's botany kept in a greenhouse aboard a spacecraft .
the members of an expedition in search for the last faithful of kito the cannibal god land on a small island in the moluccas (east indies ) and are soon hunted by cannibals and zombies ...
when a harvard -educated cia agent is killed during an operation the secret agency recruits his twin brother .
after years of mother -daughter tension siddalee receives a scrapbook detailing the wild adventures of the "ya-yas" her mother 's girlhood friends .
in san francisco zoe is a shy and outcast in her working place that adores the love songs she listens to the radio . zoe goes to a bar with her coworkers and she spends the night talking to a colleague that also like mushy songs . she drinks with him and when she goes to her car to take her cellular to call a taxi a stalker forces her to drive away . a police officer sees the intruder in her car and asks her to stop the car . however the guy forces zoe to run over the policeman that is hit and dies . zoe has a car accident and the aggressor escapes . neither the police nor her defense lawyer believes on her words and zoe is arrested for murdering the policeman . she is confined at home with an ankle bracelet under the surveillance of daly a lonely man that falls in love with zoe . she tries to find a way to leave the spot to chase the criminal and prove her innocence .
centuries ago in what would become the canadian arctic atuat is promised to the malevolent oki son of the leader of their tribe . but atuat loves the good -natured atanarjuat who ultimately finds a way to marry her . oki 's sister puja also fancies atanarjuat and when she causes strife between him and his brother amaqjuaq oki seizes the opportunity to wreak a terrible revenge on atanarjuat .
a man is picked up by a fishing boat bullet -riddled and suffering from amnesia before racing to elude assassins and regain his memory .
the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . not knowing that the others have also been invited they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . fred daphne velma shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other .
two u .s. marines in wwii are assigned to protect navajo marines who use their native language as an unbreakable radio cypher .
a group of catholic school friends after being caught drawing an obscene comic book plan a heist that will outdo their previous prank and make them local legends .
napoleon exiled devises a plan to retake the throne . he 'll swap places with commoner eugene lenormand sneak into paris then lenormand will reveal himself and napoleon will regain his throne . things don 't go at all well ; first the journey proves more difficult than expected but more disastrously lenormand enjoys himself too much to reveal the deception . napoleon adjusts somewhat uneasily to the life of a commoner while waiting while lenormand gorges on rich food .
the friendship of two men becomes tested when they both fall for the same woman .
a cave -man seeks revenge on a much larger competitor for the hand of a beautiful cave -woman.
two brothers who can feel each others ' pain and pleasure mess up the french revolution .
the small town of tarker 's mills was a place that was very peaceful where nothing extraordinary ever happened until one night when murders began . the townspeople believe it 's some maniacal killer on the loose whom they intend to hunt down . marty a young handicapped boy believes the killer is no man at all but a werewolf . after a run -in with the werewolf marty and his sister jane hunt all over town for the man who is the werewolf .
the story of a spy and a hitman crossing paths .
carl and james are two pleasant but unambitious garbage men . carl has a telescope with which he observes his neighbors . one evening he sees a man giving a female neighbor a hard time . as she leaves he shoots the man with a pellet gun . hiding he and james miss two men strangling the man and leaving with the body . when he appears in a can on their route they are afraid and hide the body fearing that they may be implicated in the death . trying to crack the case they spy on the woman join up with a slightly to majorly crazed vietnam vet kidnap a pizza man and help to protect the ecology .
after custer and the cavalry are wiped out by indians everyone expects the worst . capt . nathan brittles is ordered out on patrol but he 's also required to take along abby allshard wife of the fort 's commanding officer and her niece the pretty olivia dandridge who are being evacuated for their own safety . brittles is only a few days away from retirement and olivia has caught the eye of two of the young officers in the company lt . flint cohill and lt . ross pennell . she 's taken to wearing a yellow ribbon in her hair a sign that she has a beau in the cavalry but refuses to say for whom she is wearing it .
juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries the reigning 'bad boy ' of basketball whose undisciplined on -court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman 's basketball league . to his surprise he makes it but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye .
in a place far far away illegal genetic experiment is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong intelligent nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid yet manages to escape captain gantu who was supposed to deliver him there . with a stolen police cruiser (the red one ) the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . stranded on hawaii experiment can 't actually do much harm : water all around no big cities and two well -equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . her dysfunctional family consisting only of lilo and her sister nani is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes and after a while not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ?
in the year a .d. crime is virtually eliminated from washington d .c. thanks to an elite law enforcing squad "precrime". they use three gifted humans (called "pre-cogs") with special powers to see into the future and predict crimes beforehand . john anderton heads precrime and believes the system 's flawlessness steadfastly . however one day the pre -cogs predict that anderton will commit a murder himself in the next hours . worse anderton doesn 't even know the victim . he decides to get to the mystery 's core by finding out the 'minority report ' which means the prediction of the female pre -cog agatha that "might" tell a different story and prove anderton innocent .
western australia . government policy includes taking half -caste children from their aboriginal mothers and sending them a thousand miles away to what amounts to indentured servitude "to save them from themselves ." molly daisy and grace (two sisters and a cousin who are and ) arrive at their gulag and promptly escape under molly 's lead . for days they walk north following a fence that keeps rabbits from settlements eluding a native tracker and the regional constabulary . their pursuers take orders from the government 's "chief protector of aborigines " a .o. neville blinded by anglo -christian certainty evolutionary world view and conventional wisdom . can the girls survive ?
real estate developers descend upon a sleepy coastal florida community with the promise of big money and bigger changes . torn between honoring family obligations and the lure of quick cash the locals greet the outsiders with a wildly mixed reception . marly temple is eager to give in and sell the family business to start over her life . as caretaker of her father 's motel and cafe she has grown resentful of missed opportunities . however she finds a glimmer of hope in a tentative romance with a visiting landscape architect . desiree perry left town many years ago to escape a scandal and make a name for herself as an actress . reluctantly returning home she finds her strong willed mother unwilling to let go of the past .
when a powerful developer named mr . scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in arnold 's neighborhood to build a huge "mall-plex" it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear . but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep -voiced stranger arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood .
a sweet -natured small -town guy inherits a controlling stake in a media conglomerate and begins to do business his way .
self -esteem and insecurity are at the heart of this comedy about the relationship between a mother and her three confused daughters .
calvin and his friends who all live an in orphanage find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . one stormy night they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba .
agent j needs help so he is sent to find agent k and restore his memory .
three super -powered little girls constantly save the world (or at least the city of townsville ) from monsters would -be conquerers and a few other gross things .
two cops are partnered together and decide to protect two beautiful women who are actually rivals --one a woman released from prison the other an actress who 's been targeted for rape --while in search of escaped murderous convicts .
a brood of fire -breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze establishing dominance over the planet .
. mike sullivan and connor rooney are two henchmen of elderly chicago -based irish -american mobster john rooney connor 's father . in many respects john treats mike more as his son who he raised as his own after mike was orphaned than the volatile connor who nonetheless sees himself as the heir apparent to the family business . one evening mike 's eldest son twelve year old michael sullivan jr . who has no idea what his father does for a living witnesses connor and his father gun down an associate and his men the situation gone wrong initiated from an action by connor . caught witnessing the incident michael is sworn to secrecy about what he saw . regardless connor not wanting any loose ends makes an attempt to kill mike his wife and their two sons . mike and the surviving members of his family know that they need to go on the run as connor who has gone into hiding will be protected through mob loyalty especially by john who cannot turn on his own flesh and blood . still mike has to figure out a way for retribution for what connor did while still protecting him and his family not only from connor but from john and his fellow associates . through it all mike wants those in his family that had no say in what he chose as a living to have some redemption for their eternal souls .
paris can boast a population of . of these are women and are actresses . yvan a young sports writer is married to one who is very well known - charlotte . they try to live a normal life but her fame makes it difficult - autograph hunters interrupt their dinners cops about to serve traffic summonses let them off with a warning and a smile when they recognize her and impossible -to-get restaurant reservations magically appear when charlotte makes the calls instead of yvan . all this threatens and challenges his male ego but yvan is able to take her stardom in stride . until that is a man at a bar asks him if he gets jealous watching his wife make love in the nude to another man on screen . it has never seriously bothered him before but the stranger sows the first seed of doubt in his head ...
in london two friends use the same pseudonym ("ernest") for their on -the-sly activities . hilarity ensues .
a female aerobics instructor meets a male reporter doing a story on health clubs but it isn 't love at first sight .
working class and middle -upper class worlds come together in this interesting look at class conflict within the gay world from the german director reiner werner fassbinder . fassbinder plays fox he is working class a former circus performer who wins the lottery of dm . his life starts to look up and doesn 't have to struggle financially . fox can now have the life and things that he has always wanted . he begins a new relationship with eugen creates a business partnership and his life is looking bright . while he wants to climb up the social ladder it isn 't without turmoil and being torn between his old working class roots and the shiny new facade of middle class consciousness .
in a mid -sized metropolis (population ) in a right -wing military led country a pacifist organization which supports the opposition party in the government is planning on holding an anti -military nuclear disarmament rally . the organization 's charismatic leader - the deputy - is scheduled to arrive in the town from the capital the day of the rally . beyond the problems arranging the rally due to the probable incitement of violence at such a rally the organization learns of an unconfirmed report that there will be an attempt on the deputy 's life . the rally does happen after which a three -wheeled kamikaze runs over the deputy who eventually passes away from his injuries . the official report is that the incident was a drunken accident . in reality the deputy 's death was murder orchestrated by the secret police the general for who likens the pacifist organization to mildew killing off agricultural crops . a magistrate is assigned to the case . although he does have political views he is more interested in finding out the truth and as such has to wade through the political rhetoric and politically motivated testimony he hears . thrown into the mix is a photojournalist who too is looking for the truth as it he believes will make a great front page story .
luca is a young waitress in a restaurant in the centre of madrid . after the loss of her long -time boyfriend a writer she seeks refuge on a quiet secluded mediterranean island . there bathed in an atmosphere of fresh air and dazzling sun luca begins to discover the dark corners of her past relationship as if they were forbidden passages of a novel which the author now from afar allows her to read .
the residents of a rural mining town discover that an unfortunate chemical spill has caused hundreds of little spiders to mutate overnight to the size of suvs . it 's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople including the sheriff 's young son mike her daughter ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan into battle against the bloodthirsty eight -legged beasts .
when russia 's first nuclear submarine malfunctions on its maiden voyage the crew must race to save the ship and prevent a nuclear disaster .
stuart 's mother is being over -protective of him especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . his big brother george has also made a new friend will so stuart is feeing lonely . stuart rescues a canary margalo from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . one day margalo is nowhere to be found so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart (the first time he 's had to lie ).
he 's found his mojo baby and now austin powers is back again in this shagadelic comedy -adventure! the "sshhh!" hits the fan when dr . evil and mini -me escape from prison . joining forces with the superfreaky goldmember they kidnap austin 's father master spy nigel powers in a dastardly time -travel scheme to take over the world . before you can say "shake your booty " austin cruises to and teams up with sexy foxxy cleopatra to stop dr . evil and goldmember from their mischievous mayhem .
this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . the first actor to ever to run a film studio robert evans ' film career started in poolside at the beverly hills hotel . his good looks charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer who offered him a film role . after a glamorous --but short -lived--career as a movie star evans tried out producing . at the age of with no producing credits to his name he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . evans ran the studio from during his tenure he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather rosemary 's baby love story the odd couple harold and maude and chinatown . by the early the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . after a failed marriage to ali macgraw a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder he disappeared into near -obscurity. only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture .
jonathan and lucy live in wismar and the count wants a house there . varna is a port on the black sea close to dracula 's castle .
the ultimate disaster film parody . a nuclear powered bus is going non -stop from new york to denver and is plagued by disasters due to the machinations of a mysterious group allied with the oil lobby . when the driver is injured a washed up down on his luck but used to be great type who as it happens used to be engaged to the inventor 's daughter is brought in to drive the giant bus which includes a one lane swimming pool and a one lane bowling alley .
in a charity hospital a hard -bitten but honorable older doctor dr . niide takes a young intern under his guidance through the course of a number of difficult cases .
this time zucker and abrahams are spoofing most notably elvis films and wwii spy movies . val kilmer stars as nick rivers a handsome american -style rock and roll singer . while performing in east germany he falls in love with a beautiful heroine and becomes involved with the french resistance .
two secret agents are left seeing double when they try to apprehend a crook with a penchant for the theatrical .
preacher graham hess played by mel gibson has lost his faith in god after his wife dies in a brutal car accident . he along with his son and daughter and his brother merrill lives in a farmhouse . crop circles begin to appear in their corn fields which graham dismisses as mischief by miscreants . after hearing strange noises and watching news coverage on crop circles appearing all over the world the family grows suspicious of alien activities . now they must stick together and believe as a family to survive the ordeal and find a way to escape .
exploring the further adventures of carmen and juni cortez who have now joined the family spy business as level oss agents . their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures . on this bizarre island none of the cortez 's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits --and each other --to survive and save the day .
a feel good film about depressions . about being able to do it all but losing it in a severe anxiety attack . about controlling angst together with the family and be able to laugh of it all even the electro shocks .
retired fbi profiler terry mccaleb (eastwood) who has recently had a heart transplant is hired by graciela rivers (de jesus ) to investigate the death of her sister gloria who happens to have given mccaleb his heart . on the case he soon deduces that the killer who staged the murder to look like a random robbery may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . can the elderly and feeble mccaleb who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor and who can 't drive and has to nap regularly muster up the endurance to find the killer ?
xander "xxx" cage is a thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . nsa agent gibbons forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected where others have failed using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . xander must combat an organization led by a clever ruthless and nihilistic yorgi whose first target is the city of prague .
manchester : cambridge educated tony wilson granada tv presenter is at a sex pistols gig . totally inspired by this pivotal moment in music history he and his friends set up a record label factory records signing first joy division (who go on to become new order ) then james and the happy mondays who all become seminal artists of their time . what ensues is a tale of music sex drugs larger -than-life characters and the birth of one of the most famous dance clubs in the world the hacienda - a mecca for clubbers as famous as the likes of studio . graphically depicting the music and dance heritage of manchester from the late 's to the early 's this comedy documents the vibrancy that made mad -chester the place in the world that you would most like to be .
a film poem inspired by the peruvian poet csar vallejo . a story about our need for love our confusion greatness and smallness and most of all our vulnerability . it is a story with many characters among them a father and his mistress his youngest son and his girlfriend . it is a film about big lies abandonment and the eternal longing for companionship and confirmation .
young secretary carla is a long -time employee of a property development company . loyal and hardworking first to arrive and last to leave carla is beginning to chafe at the limitations of her career and is looking to move up . but as a -five-year-old woman with a hearing deficiency she is not sure how to climb out of her humdrum life though she is confident in her own abilities . into her life comes paul angeli a new trainee she decides to hire . paul is years old and completely unskilled but carla covers for him when the need arises because of his other qualities - he 's a thief fresh out of jail and very good -looking. it 's a case of good meeting bad .
this is a simple plot which contains the realities of life in its episodes .it is alike any tv soap and ends up every plot with a passionate lovemaking
after her mother dies fourteen -year-old marion falls in love with her stepfather remy .
principal follows an ambitious young teacher who is given the opportunity of a lifetime to fast track his career by taking the job no one wants as the new principal at a gentrifying inner city school . this new principal soon realizes that he may be in way over his head trying to balance the agendas of a student body in flux a repressive administration and an aggressive pta not to mention a very dysfunctional faculty .
the big thing in is a violent sport which can have some pretty serious consequences ... like dying .
after his successful night club is blown to flaming bits pluto and his band travel across the moon looking for clues as to who is behind the arson . along with bruno and dina pluto visits a seedy motel his secret hide out and the casino of the most powerful man on the moon searching for the evil doer only to find out that the destruction of his club may have been his own fault
as a hard -core surfer girl prepares for a big competition she finds herself falling for a football player .
in a german restaurant chef martha klein is the undisputed supreme ruler of the kitchen staff and woe to any customer who would dare criticize her cooking . her life is firmly centered around cooking which takes on a obsessive level with stubborn single mindedness . even when she is ordered to take therapy she still constantly talks about her work and the iron clad control she relishes in her task . all that changes when her sister dies in a car accident leaving her year old daughter lina . martha takes her niece in and while making enquiries for her estranged father she struggles to care for this stubbornly headstrong child . meanwhile at work a new chef named mario is hired on and martha feels threatened by this unorthodox intruder . the pressures of both her private and work life combine to create a situation that will fundamentally call her attitudes and life choices into question while these interlopers into her life begin to profoundly change it .
during a secretive business trip away mark learns that his wife anna is growing restless in what he believed was their happy marriage . upon his return home he learns from her that she wants a divorce . they both go through a series of different emotions related to their situation mark 's which is generally obsessive about learning why anna who he still loves wants the divorce and anna 's which is generally increasingly histrionic in getting away from mark . caught in the middle is their infant son bob who mark uses as a gage to anna 's mental state . anna states that her want for the divorce is not because of another man but mark finds out that anna has a lover named heinrich . in the meantime mark also meets bob 's teacher helen who looks exactly like anna but is her polar opposite in temperament . starting a relationship with helen lessens his obsession with anna . but as mark and anna 's encounters together reach more emotional and violent levels mark with help of a private investigative firm learns that anna 's love life is not all that it appears . anna 's true obsession has a somewhat gruesome process and nothing will stop her from reaching her end goal .
middle aged sy parrish works as a technician at a one hour photo lab located in a savmart store in a suburban mall . sy is a lonely man never having had any friends . he knows much about his customers through the photographs they have developed . but he knows more about the yorkin family - specifically nina yorkin and her adolescent son jake yorkin the two in the family who drop off and pick up the family 's photofinishing - the family about whom he is obsessed than anyone else . nina 's husband will yorkin is incidental to his obsession since sy has only seen him in photographs . sy 's obsession includes fantasizing about being their favorite "uncle sy ". he has even been making an extra set of prints for himself of all of their photographs since jake was a newborn . after an incident at work and after sy finds out more about the family through a set of photographs he decides to right the injustices he sees in the only way he knows how . his actions demonstrate his true mental state .
simone has made a decision : after years of relationships with women she decides to be with a man for the first time . the film broaches sexual freedom issues through the experiences of its ...
george "ice man " chambers (rhames) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . however chambers has his world turned upside down when he is accused of rape and sent to prison . upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen (snipes) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ years running . immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men . figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein (peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . michael rooker plays a guard fisher stevens john seda and master p co star .
basics : guys who are gay one female who is lonely for someone to love . the woman approaches of the guys and wants him to seed her would be child ...
jean -luc is an established gerontologist who can do no wrong ; he runs a private clinic specialising in anti -ageing treatments . honoured for his work in this field he throws a garden party at his home . it is during this social event that his father suddenly reappears back after a long exile . a physician he had left decades earlier without any apparent reason to practice in africa . he moves into his son 's home for several days phlegmatically observing everything with an enigmatic smile . he peruses jean -luc's life and environment with cruel objectivity . the arrival of this interloper father who everyone thought had disappeared for good shatters the family microcosm : jean -luc doesn 't know how to take him as if the memory - or the resentment - was nothing but lost time ; his wife becomes fond of this highly unconventional man ; after first refusing to deal with him jean -luc's younger brother strikes up a modest bond with him .
the care bears live in a country high in the clouds where they have a lot of fun together . but they also do care for the human children on earth who they watch through huge telescopes from the sky and come to help whenever there is need . nikolas a magician 's apprentice is in danger of getting under the influence of a bad spirit which resides in an ancient spell book . the siblings kim and jason don 't trust anyone anymore after being disappointed once too often . the care bears take them into their wonderland where they experience exciting and dangerous adventures together and quickly become good friends .
in this second installment to the original care bear movie trilogy of the the care bear family goes on their first caring mission --to stop the evil doings of a demon villain named dark heart from taking over a summer camp while making the bears and cousins vanish forever . in exchange for the family 's capture he gives a camper named christy the chance to succeed as the "camp champ " over her so -named rival . while starting the kingdom of caring its founders (true heart bear and noble heart horse ) will stop at nothing to end the wrath of the bears ' first villain . christy 's friends dawn and john and the rest of the family join them in doing so . narrating the tale is the great wishing star (voiced by chris wiggins ) who also helps true heart and noble heart start the kingdom as both of them take care of the little orphan cubs .
princess andromeda is the daughter of king cepheus who has gained a victory against the gods . the vengeful god of the underworld hades demands that andromeda is offered as a sacrifice or he will unleash the kraken against argos . a desperate king cepheus asks demi -god perseus to find a way to defeat the kraken . perseus accepts the challenge because hades was responsible for his family 's death . he discovers that the way to kill the kraken lies with getting the head of the gorgon medusa .
topper harley a top gun fighter pilot is recalled to serve on the ss essess . topper 's mission is to destroy saddam hussein 's nuclear plants . unfortunately topper is psychologically imbalanced and is sure to crack under pressure .
it 's london . futurist h .g. wells believes that the future holds a utopian society . he also believes in time travel . he has just built a time machine which he is displaying to a group of skeptical friends including surgeon dr . john leslie stevenson . unbeknown to wells or anyone else among that circle stevenson is better known to the public as jack the ripper . just as the police are about to capture stevenson he uses the time machine to escape with wells being the only one who knows what happened to him . not telling anyone except his trusting housekeeper wells follows stevenson in order to capture and bring him back to face justice . where stevenson has gone is san francisco . there wells is dismayed to find that the future is not utopia as he had predicted . but wells is also picked up by a young woman named amy robbins . as wells and amy search for stevenson stevenson conversely is after wells to obtain the master key to the time machine . as stevenson continues his murderous ways he will stop at nothing to achieve his desires which places amy in danger .
beverly hills couple barbara and dave whiteman are very rich but not happy dave is a hard working business man his wife is only interested in yoga aerobics and other meditation classes and he sleeps with the house maid . their teenage son is confused about his sexuality and their daughter is suffering from eating disorders . while they are celebrating thanksgiving having plenty of food street tramp jerry is hungry homeless sleeping rough and has lost his dog . jerry decides to end his life by drowning himself in their swimming pool . dave rescues him and invites him to stay for a while . how does this stranger change the life style of this family ?
two cops have to observe a woman . one of them falls in love with her .
a new york city detective investigates mysterious deaths occurring hours after users log onto a site named feardotcom .
a hitman falls in love with the boss 's girlfriend who may just be his next target .
a famous left -wing satirical comedy about two ex -convicts one of whom escaped jail and then worked his way up from salesman to factory owner where he oversees a highly mechanized operation where the workers are reduced to mere automatons . fearful of being exposed over his past at first by his friend and later by another gangster the owner chooses to give his factory to the workers then escapes with his friend to the freedom of the open road . the production company for "a nous la liberte " was for more than a decade embroiled in a lawsuit claiming that charles chaplin had seen their film and plagiarized many ideas from it as he developed "modern times ."
peter and tim are both law students looking to get into the battleground of politics in washington but they both have different ideals and ethics . tim wants to pursue a career in justice but peter is determined to be a big political power broker any way he can even if that means bending the rules . as their careers push them towards political opposites their friendship must constantly adapt to the new situation .
the music business can be murder
new jersey high school senior ben cronin is a former juvenile delinquent whose past criminal behavior was fueled by and for drug use . he credits the support of his now long time girlfriend amy miller and getting into competitive swimming as the primary reasons for turning his life around which includes working part -time at the hospital where his single mother works . he has become the star swimmer of his high school team so much so that scouts from stanford university are coming in a week 's time to watch ben swim . ben has a new swim fan in madison bell a recent transfer student to ben 's high school . despite ben making it clear that he is in a committed relationship madison seduces him the seduction to which he succumbs . they agree afterward that their encounter was a one -time only event but ben slowly comes to the realization that despite madison 's assertions to the contrary she has more in mind with him . he feels her constant unspoken threats to expose their tryst and ultimately when he rebuffs her totally unspoken threats to ruin his life in whatever means possible . ben quickly learns to what extremes madison is willing to go especially when he finds out about her past . he has to figure out how to regain his life back from his known stalker which is aided by the reason madison is in new jersey in the first place .
set in the 's an honest goodhearted man is forced to turn to a life of crime to finance his neurotic mother 's skyrocketing medical bills .
while being transported by two detectives in a car the dangerous criminal krug is rescued by his brother francis and his girlfriend sadie and they brutally kill the detectives . meanwhile emma her husband john and their daughter mari collingwood head on vacation to their summer home near the lake . mari borrows the family car to meet her friend paige that is working in a store in the town . they befriend the teenager justin in the store and he offers some marijuana to paige in the motel where he is lodged . while they are smoking marijuana in justin 's room krug francis and sadie arrive and abduct the girls . krug drives mari 's car and she causes them to crash into a tree . krug stabs paige and rapes mari ; however mari manages to escape swimming in the lake but krug shoots her in the back . they walk through the isolated road in the woods and they reach collingwood 's house telling that they have just had a car accident . emma and john welcome the strangers until they discover what has happened to their beloved daughter .
while doing a thesis about violence ngela finds a snuff video where a girl is tortured until death . soon she discovers that the girl was a former student in her faculty ...
a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . calvin who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . after selling the shop to a local loan shark calvin slowly begins to see his father 's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . the barbershop is filled with characters who share their stories jokes trials and tribulations . in the shop we find eddie an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . jimmy is a highly educated barber with a superiority complex who can 't stand isaac the new white barber who just wants a shot at cutting some hair . ricky is an ex -con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . terri is a hard -edged woman who can 't seem to leave her two -timing boyfriend . and lastly there 's dinka a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn 't get the time of day .
a middle -class man turns to a life of crime in order to finance his niece 's first year at harvard university .
transporter is a sci -fi psychological thriller about a teenager on a mission to save his girlfriend from his dysfunctional family and their monstrous business .
grieving after the death of her young son joseph novelist betty fisher enters a dark depression . hoping to bring her out of it her mother margot arranges to kidnap another child jose to ...
a young man 's peculiar upbringing renders him unable to competently cope with the struggle of growing up .
offbeat fashion student betsy hopper and her strait -laced investment -banker fianc jake lovell just want an intimate little wedding reception but betsy 's father eddie a long island ...
a family in chicago inherits the yacht formerly owned by clark gable . they decide to sail it from the island of ste . pomme de terre to miami and they sail with the assistance of captain ron and their lives will never be the same again .
life could be pretty if there wasn 't someone like ernest p . worrell on this planet . in this movie he helps to escape an evil troll out of his grave . that 's the start of the end for the world . but ... ernest wouldn 't be ernest if he wasn 't planning on saving all the people . this action doesn 't make it any better . it 's getting worse .
wes craven produces this remake of his classic of the same name about the carters an idyllic american family travelling through the great american southwest . but their trip takes a detour into an area closed off from the public but more importantly from society . an area originally used by the u .s. government for nuclear testing that was intended to be empty ...or so they thought ? when the carter 's car breaks down at the old site they 're stranded ...or are they ? as the carters may soon realize that what seemed like a car casually breaking down might actually be a trap . this trap might be perpetrated by the inhabitants of the site who aren 't pulling a prank but are out to set up a gruesome massacre .
shep ramsey is an interstellar hero righting wrongs etc . his ship is damaged after a fight with an interstellar nasty and he must hide out on earth until it can recharge . he leaves his power suit at home but still finds himself unable to allow wrongs to go unrighted and so mixes it up with bad drivers offensive paperboys muggers and the like . then the family he 's staying with finds his power suit and the father tries it on .
a restless retired woman teams up with her deceased neighbor 's maid to seek out a man who has a secret connection to her past life as a farm owner at the foothill of mount tabu in africa .
wanderers is a vision of humanity 's expansion into the solar system based on scientific ideas and concepts of what our future in space might look like if it ever happens . all the locations depicted in the film are digital recreations of actual places in the solar system built from real photos and map data where available . without any apparent story other than what you may fill in by yourself the idea with the film is primarily to show a glimpse of the fantastic and beautiful nature that surrounds us on our neighboring worlds - and above all how it might appear to us if we were there .
after the american civil war a rebel soldier and his wife become pioneer farmers in florida . their son jody is years old ; he gets along well with his warm and affectionate pa but his ma is haunted by the death of her other children so she 's somber even cold . the boy wants a pet : the dad is sympathetic the mom obdurate . when a rattler bites pa pa kills a doe to use its organs to draw out the poison . jody begs to keep the doe 's fawn as a pet . the parents agree and the boy and the deer are soon inseparable . the fawn grows quickly and as a yearling tramples tobacco shoots and eats the newly -sprouted corn . this is too much for ma and jody has to face harsh adult realities .
a brutal live stage murder is committed on one of the hot male dancers at whats considered to be the hottest club in l .a. a place where the guys strip and the woman cheer .
holland a shy retiring man dreams of being rich and living the good life . faithfully for years he has worked as a bank transfer agent for the delivery of gold bullion . one day he befriends pendlebury a maker of souvenirs . holland remarks that with pendlebury 's smelting equipment one could forge the gold into harmless -looking toy eiffel towers and smuggle the gold from england into france . soon after the two plant a story to gain the services of professional criminals lackery and shorty . together the four plot their crime leading to unexpected twists and turns .
sidney stratton a humble inventor develops a fabric which never gets dirty or wears out . this would seem to be a boon for mankind but the established garment manufacturers don 't see it that way ; they try to suppress it .
glasgow summer . dustmen are striking ; bags of garbage add to the blight of council flats and a fetid canal . ryan who 's about drowns during a play fight with his neighbor the jug -eared james . james runs home a flat where he lives with his often -drunk da his ma and sisters who live in hope of moving to newly -built council flats . the slice -of-life coming -of-age story follows james as he tags along with the older lads ; has a friendship with his quirky wee rodent -loving neighbor kenny ; spends time with margaret anne myopic slightly older the local sexual punching bag ; and has a moment or two of joy . the strike may end but is there any way out for james ?
at age rafael belvedere is having a crisis . he lives in the shadow of his father he feels guilty about rarely visiting his aging mother his ex -wife says he doesn 't spend enough time with their daughter and he has yet to make a commitment to his girlfriend . at his lowest point a minor heart attack reunites him with juan carlos a childhood friend who helps rafael to reconstruct his past and look at the present in new ways .
jesse gavin is no ordinary policewoman ; she knows how to handle herself in any situation . she 's an undercover cop part of an elite police team and highly skilled in lethal martial arts ! after a government witness she was supposed to protect is killed she is suspended from the force . the next day her partner is found dead . has she been set up ? with the help of the two men closest to her heart her boyfriend and her father she must battle to clear her name . the deeper she delves the deadlier the game becomes . there is no denying she 's ballistic !
when their daughter is abducted and taken for ransom by a gang of serial kidnappers a young doctor and his wife find themselves held hostage while a -hour plan to extort their money is set into motion . now with time running out and the health of their asthmatic daughter at serious risk they find themselves in a life -and-death race against the clock as the "perfect crime " begins spiraling towards an unthinkable terrifying and deadly conclusion .
one murdered man eight women each seeming to be more eager than the others to know the truth . gimme gimme gimme some clues to make up my mind . and eventually enter the truth . oh thou cruel woman !
based on the story of vince papale a -year-old bartender from south philadelphia who overcame long odds to play for the nfl 's philadelphia eagles in .
an emotionally fragile woman recently released from a mental hospital for self mutilation goes to school to gain secretarial skills to gain employment . she has an alcoholic father and a co -dependent mother who are clueless as to who she really is which a tormented soul who really wants to find something with which she can find success . she is a great secretary and finds a job with a unique old fashioned but off center in charge boss with a somewhat sadistic sexual proclivity . she grows and evolves and so does he .
chihiro and her parents are moving to a small japanese town in the countryside much to chihiro 's dismay . on the way to their new home chihiro 's father makes a wrong turn and drives down a lonely one -lane road which dead -ends in front of a tunnel . her parents decide to stop the car and explore the area . they go through the tunnel and find an abandoned amusement park on the other side with its own little town . when her parents see a restaurant with great -smelling food but no staff they decide to eat and pay later . however chihiro refuses to eat and decides to explore the theme park a bit more . she meets a boy named haku who tells her that chihiro and her parents are in danger and they must leave immediately . she runs to the restaurant and finds that her parents have turned into pigs . in addition the theme park turns out to be a town inhabited by demons spirits and evil gods . at the center of the town is a bathhouse where these creatures go to relax . the owner of the bathhouse is the evil witch yubaba who is intent on keeping all trespassers as captive workers including chihiro . chihiro must rely on haku to save her parents in hopes of returning to their world .
a film about the war crimes of the american diplomat henry kissinger .
a young woman who 's reinvented herself as a new york socialite must return home to alabama to obtain a divorce from her husband after seven years of separation .
an intellectually disabled man undergoes an experiment that gives him the intelligence of a genius .
a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee after her accidental death . while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family he finds himself falling in love with another woman against his own best intentions .
hubert is a french policeman with very sharp methods . after being forced to take months off by his boss who doesn 't share his view on working methods he goes back to japan where he ...
mbwana and his best friend juma are two young men with big dreams . these dreams become reality when they photograph a gigantic fish leaping out of the sea and their small town blossoms into a tourist hotspot as a result . but for mbwana the reality isn 't what he dreamed and when he meets the fish again both of them forgotten ruined and old he decides only one of them can survive .
fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer known by authorities as "the tooth fairy ". he asks for the help of his arch -nemesis dr . hannibal "the cannibal " lecter so that he can be able to catch "the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . the only problem is that "the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter .
documentary -style drama showing the events that led up to the tragic incident on january in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops killing protesters and wounding more .
love retribution and redemption . devastated by her husband 's death from a drug overdose philippa a british teacher living in turin italy tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . in building a home -made bomb and setting off a plan that fails miserably her status changes from young widow to that of a criminal in custody . young police officer filipo descends into philippa 's life changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers .
when petty thief cosimo is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail fast . but with cosimo stuck in the ...
danny has been sent to boarding school in this sequel to the year my voice broke . against a backdrop of bullying and sadistic teachers danny strikes up an affair with an african girl thandiwe studying at a nearby girl 's school . their affair blossoms while everyone tries to stop it . nicole kidman also appears as a sexually repressed senior at thandiwe 's school .
nick hart is a struggling american artist who lives amongst the expatriate community in paris . he spends most of his time drinking and socializing in local cafs and pestering gallery ...
greg powell is a disturbed ex -con who recruits jimmy smith (aka jimmy youngblood ) a petty thief as his partner in crime . powell panics one night when the two of them are pulled over by a pair of cops for broken brake -lights. powell decides to kidnap the cops and smith as always reluctantly goes along with powell 's crazy scheme . the group drives out to a deserted onion field in bakersfield california and one officer is shot while the other escapes . the remainder of the film explores the nature of the american justice system as well as the devastating psychological effects of this event and the trial on the surviving officer .
an exploration of technologically developing nations and the effect the transition to western -style modernization has had on them .
biopic traces the life of lou gehrig famous baseball player who played in consecutive games before falling at age to als a deadly nerve disease which now bears his name . gehrig is followed from his childhood in new york until his famous 'luckiest man ' speech at his farewell day in .
set in baroque france a scheming widow and her lover make a bet regarding the corruption of a recently married woman . the lover valmont bets that he can seduce her even though she is an ...
after jonathan harker attacks dracula at his castle (apparently somewhere in germany ) the vampire travels to a nearby city where he preys on the family of harker 's fiance . the only one who may be able to protect them is dr . van helsing harker 's friend and fellow -student of vampires who is determined to destroy dracula whatever the cost .
something is rotten at the elsinore brewery . bob and doug mackenzie (as seen on sctv ) help the brewery founder 's daughter pam regain the brewery founded by her recently -deceased father . but to do so they must confront the suspicious brew master and two teams of vicious hockey players .
meek and mild mannered bookkeeper henry limpet has few passions in life . it 's mid and he would love to join the navy but has been rated . his friend george stickle is in the navy and ...
in a world of labels it 's easy to forget who made sportsmen pop singers and matinee idols into stars superstars and megastars - the fans . every fan has their own personal relationship with their hero - it 's almost a love story . fan is the story of gaurav (shah rukh khan ) a young man something whose world revolves around the mega movie star aryan khanna (shah rukh khan ) or god as he refers to him . from the by lanes of delhi young gaurav embarks on a journey to the city of dreams mumbai in order to wish his god on his birthday . after all he is aryan 's biggest fan and even has a striking resemblance to him - how difficult could it be for the world biggest fan to get an audience with the world 's biggest star . when things don 't go according to plan gaurav 's love and passion for his god turns in to a dangerous obsession that crosses the fine line . in an edge of the seat thriller fan will peel away at both gaurav and aryan 's personalities and characters as the two men discover people within themselves that even they didn 't know existed and we 're left wondering who to sympathize with and whom to root for - can we really pick a side after all superstars are also human beings but each one of us is also a fan .
in the dark silence of the sea during world war ii the submarine u .s.s. tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . but for the shell -shocked crew trapped together in the sub 's narrow corridors and constricted spaces this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche .
camden college . sean bateman is the younger brother of depraved wall street broker patrick bateman . he 's also a drug dealer who owes a lot of money to "fellow" dealer rupert guest as well as a well -known womanizer for he sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . lauren hynde is technically a virgin . she 's saving herself for her shallow boyfriend victor johnson who 's left the states to backpack across europe . her slutty roommate lara has the hots for victor as well . paul denton who used to date lauren is openly bisexual and attracted to mitchell allen who 's dating candice to prove to paul that he 's not gay . sean loves lauren . paul loves sean . and lauren may love sean .
a young woman meets and falls in love with a young man who is part of a family of immortals .
astrid magnussen is a year old girl living in california . her mother ingrid is a beautiful free -spirited poet . their life though unusual is satisfying until one day a man named barry kolker (that her mother refers to at first as "the goat man ") comes into their lives and ingrid falls madly in love with him only to have her heart broken and her life ruined . for revenge ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . she is sent to prison for life and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love religion near -death experiences drugs starvation and how it feels to be loved . but throughout these years she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . and while ingrid 's gift is to give astrid the power to survive astrid 's gift is to teach her mother about love .
filmmaker michael moore explores the roots of america 's predilection for gun violence .
fresh from the success of his sitcom comedian jerry seinfeld decided to do the unimaginable : he completely retired his stand -up act electing to start over again by developing entirely new material . "comedian" follows seinfeld through this process as he rehearses in front of small comedy club audiences meets with fellow comics and finally appears before a national audience .
barry egan hates himself and hates his life . the only male among eight siblings barry is treated poorly by his overbearing sisters . despite owning his own business he has gotten nowhere in life largely because of his insecurities . he leads a solitary life which allows him to hide his violent outbursts that occur when he 's frustrated . his solitude however allows him to think he stumbling upon a scheme to travel the world on a pittance travel which he has never done . concurrently he meets two people who pull him in two different directions . the first is lena leonard a friend of his sister elizabeth . barry is slow to realize that lena is attracted to him he making her make all the first moves . lena is eventually able to get barry out of his shell she who sticks around despite his obvious problems . his burgeoning relationship and thus new life with lena is threatened by the second "georgia" who he contacted in an effort to alleviate his loneliness . georgia and her "band of brothers " do whatever they can get get out of barry what they want no matter the price to barry .
amber is beautiful rich spoiled and arrogant beyond measure . nothing makes this woman happy including her wealthy but passive husband (tony) a pharmaceutical kingpin . when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no -frills vacation and takes out her anger on the ship 's first mate giuseppe . when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island however the tables suddenly turn ...
a senior at an elite college already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend after his two year unexplained absence ...
elmo mcelroy is a streetwise american master chemist who heads to england to sell his special new formula - a powerful blue concoction guaranteed to take you to 'the state .' mcelroy 's new product delivers a feeling times more powerful than any thrill any pleasure any high in history . but his plans for a quick profitable score go comically awry when he gets stuck in liverpool with an unlikely escort and his ex -girlfriend and becomes entangled in a bizarre web of double -dealing and double -crosses.
after the mysterious death of her niece and other three teenagers on the same hour and with the symptoms of heart attack the journalist sun -ju decides to investigate their last moments . ...
in bob crane who had achieved some earlier success as a television supporting actor was working as a successful morning radio dj at knx los angeles . despite enjoying his work photography (especially of the female form ) and drumming crane wanted to be a movie star . so it was with some reluctance that he accepted the title starring role in a new television sitcom called hogan 's heroes a wwii pow comedy . to his surprise the show became a hit and catapulted him to television stardom . the fame resulting from the show led to excesses and a meeting with home video salesman and technician john carpenter with who he would form a friendship based on their mutual interests namely excessive sex (for crane purely heterosexual sex ) and capturing nude females on celluloid . his fame allowed crane to have as much sex as he wanted which was incongruent to his somewhat wholesome television friendly image and the way he portrayed himself to almost everyone except carpenter and his extramarital sex partners . his sex addiction was somewhat known but ignored by his high school sweetheart /first wife anne crane ne terzian but well known by his second wife patti olson better known as sigrid valdis his hogan 's heroes co -star. especially after the end of hogan 's heroes in this incongruence and his friendship with carpenter with who he would have a continuing love /hate relationship would contribute to both his professional and personal downfall .
the true story of dr . miklos nyiszli a hungarian jew chosen by josef mengele to be the head pathologist at auschwitz . nyiszli was one of auschwitz 's sonderkommandos - special squads of jewish prisoners placed by the nazis in the excruciating moral dilemma of helping to exterminate fellow jews in exchange for a few more months of life . together the sonderkommandos struggled to organize the only armed revolt that would ever take place at auschwitz . as the rebellion is about to commence a group from the unit discovers a -year-old girl who has miraculously survived a gassing . a catalyst for their desperate attempt at personal redemption the men become obsessed with saving this one child even if doing so endangers the uprising which could save thousands . to what terrible lengths are we willing to go to save our own lives and what in turn would we sacrifice to save the lives of others ?
in this cinematic concert mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality then visually altered with state -of-the-art digital techniques . the result is a chronicle of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one dominated by technology the synthetic and the virtual . extremes of intimacy and spectacle tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music giving rise to a unique artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world .
this is the story of ana a first generation mexican -american teenager on the verge of becoming a woman . she lives in the predominately latino community of east los angeles . freshly ...
a century french aristocrat notorious for his scathing memoirs about life in russia travels through the russian state hermitage museum and encounters historical figures from the last + years .
in the year a teen named billy bathgate finds first love while becoming the protg of fledgling gangster dutch schultz .
the story of seita and satsuko two young japanese siblings living in the declining days of world war ii . when an american firebombing separates the two children from their parents the two siblings must rely completely on one another while they struggle to fight for their survival .
serial killer jason voorhees ' supernatural origins are revealed .
nineteen -year-old brooklyn native tony manero lives for saturday nights at the local disco where he 's king of the club thanks to his stylish moves on the dance floor . but outside of the club things don 't look so rosy . at home tony fights constantly with his father and has to compete with his family 's starry -eyed view of his older brother a priest . nor can he find satisfaction at his dead -end job at a small paint store . however things begin to change when he spies stephanie mangano in the disco and starts training with her for the club 's dance competition . stephanie dreams of the world beyond brooklyn and her plans to move to manhattan just over the bridge soon change tony 's life forever .
it 's five years later and tony manero 's saturday night fever is still burning . now he 's strutting toward his biggest challenge yet - succeeding as a dancer on the broadway stage .
bud is a young man from the country who learns about life and love in a houston bar .
a renowned former army scout is hired by ranchers to hunt down rustlers but finds himself on trial for the murder of a boy when he carries out his job too well . tom horn finds that the simple skills he knows are of no help in dealing with the ambitions of ranchers and corrupt officials as progress marches over him and the old west .
low -budget film about a young man given a mystical medallion by an aztec shaman in order to become a puma -empowered champion like his father before him . in trying to initially locate the young man the shaman has the nasty habit of pushing candidates out of windows to test them ("nope not him .")
harvey and zoey two tourists travelling through israel discover an ancient scroll describing the life of herschel the man who was almost moses . herschel receives the command from god to free his people from egyptian slavery but moses keeps blundering by and taking all the credit . several other biblical stories such as lot and his wife david and goliath and the miracles of jesus are also parodied in this story of the life of a man trying to follow the path to god but somehow always seeming to lose his way .
the story of a girl who makes dreams come true .
when a prosecutor leaks a false story that a liquor warehouse owner is involved in the murder of an union head the man 's life begins to unravel .
a man is living happily on an island with his family growing bananas . when a local mobster with an eye on man 's property tries to take it from him he must go to the town for the first time to get some help .
this stylish brian de palma thriller plays off the theme of the unsuspecting witness who discovers a crime and is thereby put in grave danger but with a novel twist . jack terry is a master sound recordist who works on grade -b horror movies . late one evening he is recording sounds for use in his movies when he hears something unexpected through his sound equipment and records it . curiosity gets the better of him when the media become involved and he begins to unravel the pieces of a nefarious conspiracy . as he struggles to survive against his shadowy enemies and expose the truth he does not know whom he can trust .
captain murat and alev are two lovers planning to get married . murat takes a job at the powerful businessman sahin 's yacht and sets off for a long voyage . sahin 's sister umran fancies him and murat gives alev up and marries umran . alev wants to take revenge by meeting sahin . sahin falls in love with her and now it is murat 's turn to be jealous . however love beats everything and alev and murat reunite . sahin finds out about their affair and gets furious . umran falls off the deck as they argue and gets seriously wounded . alev and murat run away and hide in bodrum but sahin is after them . alev and murat die as their boat blows up and umran dies too . with no reason to live anymore sahin commits suicide .
a white corporate executive is surprised to discover that he has a black teen -age son who can 't wait to be adopted into the almost -exclusively-white community of san marino california .
a hard -nosed chicago journalist has an unlikely love affair with an eagle researcher .
the story of a privileged girl and a charismatic boy whose instant desire sparks a love affair made only more reckless by parents trying to keep them apart .
a ruthless german spy trying to get out of britain with vital information about d -day must spend time with a young woman and her crippled husband .
a 'mockumentary' hosted by dr . francis b . gross a coroner . he is trying to show you the different 'faces' of people while dying . there are faked scenes of people getting killed intermixed with footage of real accidents . there are executions by decapitation (in an unknown arab country ) and the electric chair . one scene shows a group of tourists in egypt smashing a monkey 's head while still alive and eating its brains . there are shots of animals eating people and satanic orgies using dead bodies . there is a segment that deals with an alligator that accidentally entered 'residential' waters . the local warden goes in his boat to get the alligator back into the sea when he accidentally falls over and becomes gator bait . the film ends with newsreel footage of people jumping off buildings and major accidents .
for the first time in history a woman is appointed to the u .s. supreme court where she becomes a friendly rival to a liberal associate .
seasons of the year was the last collaboration of armenia 's two most important documentary auteurs : artavazd peleshian and mikhail vartanov . the first was autumn pastoral written by peleshian and directed by vartanov . peleshian 's brilliant "seasons of the year " is one of the three most important documentary films made in armenia along with sergei parajanov 's hakob hovnatanyan and vartanov 's parajanov : the last spring "seasons of the year " is an outstanding look at the co -existence of nature and people and is the first film made by peleshian without the use of archival footage thanks to vartanov 's exquisite cinematography and wizardry in the lab . eight years had passed before peleshian made another film .
scifi suspense thriller in which a rescue space ship crew meets up with horrors projected by their own imaginations .
the story of a group of young australian men who leave their various backgrounds behind and sign up to join the anzacs in world war i . they are sent to gallipoli where they encounter the resolute turkish army .
in his scottish new town home gangling gregory and his school -friends are starting to find out about girls . he fancies dorothy not least because she has got into the football team - and is a better player than him . he finally asks her out but it is obviously the females in control of matters here and that very much includes gregory 's younger sister .
luke jackson is a cool gutsy prisoner in a southern chain gang who while refusing to buckle under to authority keeps escaping and being recaptured . the prisoners admire luke because as dragline explains it "you're an original that 's what you are !" nevertheless the camp staff actively works to crush luke until he finally breaks .
bugs bunny and daffy duck are up to their feuding ways again . tired of playing second fiddle to bugs daffy has decided to leave the studio for good . he is aided by warner bros .' humor impaired vice president of comedy kate houghton who releases him from his contract and instructs wb security guard /aspiring stunt man dj drake to capture and "escort" daffy off the studio lot . suddenly a sidekick without a hero the duck decides to ally himself with dj whether he likes it or not . consequently daffy is on the scene when dj discovers that his famous movie star father was damian drake known for playing suave international spies onscreen is actually a suave international spy in real life --and has been kidnapped by the evil insane nerdy prancing villain known as mr . chairman of the equally nefarious acme corporation . it seems that damian knows the whereabouts of the mysterious magical and powerful blue monkey diamond and the chairman will do anything to get his hands on it ! with daffy in tow dj hits the road in a desperate attempt to outrace the evil acme stooges to the diamond and save the world from their evil clutches . unbeknownst to the two neo -spies they are also being followed by vp kate and bugs --the studio brass has decided that the rabbit needs a comic foil after all and kate 's job is on the line if she can 't get daffy back to work asap .
air traffic controller max fiedler is unhappy with his career and his second marriage . an exposure to toxic waste gives him the power of telekinesis . he comes to a crossroads at a beachhouse he shares with his wife his ex and a voodoo priestess .
a struggling hollywood writer accepts an invitaion to dinner witha powerful producer . somewhere between the hors d 'oeuvres and dessert he has to make the pitch of his life . but how far will he go to satisfy andre 's hunger for a juicy story ?
after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house a couple with a newborn baby do whatever they can to take them down .
during the great depression a sheet music salesman seeks to escape his dreary life through popular music and a love affair with an innocent school teacher .
while playing with a puzzle a teenager is repressed by his mother and he kills her and severs her body with an ax . forty years later in an university campus in boston a serial killer kills young women and severs their bodies in parts stealing body pieces from each student . lt . bracken makes a deal with the dean of the campus and infiltrates the agent mary riggs as if she were a tennis teacher and together with the student kendall they try to find the identity of the killer .
a suburban housewife 's world falls apart when her pornographer husband admits he 's serially unfaithful to her her daughter gets pregnant and her son is suspected of being the foot -fetishist who 's been breaking local women 's feet .
mathilda a -year-old girl is reluctantly taken in by lon a professional assassin after her family is murdered . lon and mathilda form an unusual relationship as she becomes his protge and learns the assassin 's trade .
a salvage crew that discovers a long -lost passenger ship floating lifeless in a remote region of the bering sea soon notices as they prepare to tow it back to land that strange things happen .
a reality show about a group of stunt men & extreme sport enthusists with high thresholds of pain . each show consists only of videotapes of them performing stupid and dangerous stunts --standing in a porta -potty while it 's turned upside -down wrestling a bear while wearing a bear costume and pretending to kidnap brad pitt .
a young woman in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers ... he 's dead ; and all their money is gone . she meets a mysterious man who tells her that the money was really his ...
penny 's love for her partner taxi -driver phil has run dry . he is a gentle philosophical guy and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . their daughter rachel cleans in a home for ...
frida chronicles the life frida kahlo shared unflinchingly and openly with diego rivera as the young couple took the art world by storm . from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political artistic and sexual revolutionary .
set against the bright lights of manhattan a tale which takes a comic urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches . roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor -sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . but roger 's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew nick . hoping to settle once and for all the issue of his virginity nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . welcoming the challenge roger guides nick through the city 's wild nightlife for an all -night crash course only to realize that he --the adult --still has something to learn about what women and men really want .
hollywood actor charles castle is pressured by his studio boss into a criminal cover -up to protect his valuable career .
james bond goes on his first ever mission as a . le chiffre is a banker to the world 's terrorists . he is participating in a poker game at montenegro where he must win back his money in order to stay safe among the terrorist market . the boss of known simply as m sends bond along with vesper lynd to attend this game and prevent le chiffre from winning . bond using help from felix leiter mathis and having vesper pose as his partner enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career . but if bond defeats le chiffre will he and vesper lynd remain safe ?
the state of israel is created in resulting in war with its arab neighbors .
without hostile intent a soviet sub runs aground off new england . men are sent for a boat but many villagers go into a tizzy risking bloodshed .
a professional athlete has to help a u .s. government agent recover a missing jet .
a newspaper photographer jean researches the lurid and sensational axe murder of two women in as an editorial tie -in with a brutal modern double murder . she discovers a cache of papers that appear to give an account of the murders by an eyewitness . the plot weaves between the narrative of the eyewitness and jean 's private struggle with jealousies and suspicions as her marriage teeters .
the thief laurie ash steals the expensive diamond jewel called 'eye of the serpent ' in an audacious heist during an exhibition in cannes festival . she double -crosses her partners and is mistakenly taken as lily a woman who lost her husband and son in an accident and is missing since then by an ordinary family . one day while having bath in lily 's bathtub lily comes back home and commits suicide . laurie assumes definitely lily 's identity goes to america where she marries a rich man who becomes the ambassador of usa in france . when laurie returns to france her past haunts her .
this is the inspiring captivating story of the legendary rapper eminem . the troubled young aspiring rapper from a ghetto in michigan must exert his last chances to become successful while dealing with his life in ruins . all is seemingly lost . he is now single has only a few friends an insane /alcoholic mother and is dealt with poverty and living in a violent city on mile . his only way out of the ghetto and torturous life he 's living in is with his talent in rapping . will b -rabbit prevail and seize the shot he 's given or will he let it slip ?
cathy is the perfect housewife living the perfect life : healthy kids successful husband social prominence . then one night she surprises her husband frank kissing another man and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . in her confusion and grief she finds consolation in the friendship of their african -american gardener raymond - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . despite cathy and frank 's struggle to keep their marriage afloat the reality of his homosexuality and her feelings for raymond open a painful if more honest chapter in their lives .
this movie tells the story of a man who goes undercover in a hi -tech prison to find out information to help prosecute those who killed his wife . while there he stumbles onto a plot involving a death -row inmate and his million stash of gold .
forced to spend his summer holidays with his muggle relations harry potter gets a real shock when he gets a surprise visitor : dobby the house -elf who warns harry potter against returning to hogwarts for terrible things are going to happen . harry decides to ignore dobby 's warning and continues with his pre -arranged schedule . but at hogwarts strange and terrible things are indeed happening : harry is suddenly hearing mysterious voices from inside the walls muggle -born students are being attacked and a message scrawled on the wall in blood puts everyone on his /her guard - "the chamber of secrets has been opened . enemies of the heir beware " .
out of work tv cameraman ron kobelski is approached by his formerly reclusive neighbor walter ohlinger . ohlinger claims that he was the mysterious "second gunman " that shot and killed president kennedy . ohlinger has kept quiet all these years but has decided to tell his story now that he has been diagnosed with terminal cancer . kobelski is skeptical of his neighbor 's story after his investigations provide ambiguous answers . his attitude changes however after he receives threatening messages on his answering machine and spots shadowy figures in his backyard . is ohlinger telling the truth ? or is there a bigger conspiracy at work ?
in berry gordy jr . gathered the best musicians from detroit 's thriving jazz and blues scene to begin cutting songs for his new record company . over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown 's detroit era . by the end of their phenomenal run this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys the rolling stones elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . they called themselves the funk brothers . forty -one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story with the help of archival footage still photos narration interviews re -creation scenes motown master tracks and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers .
from the boer war through world war ii a soldier rises through the ranks in the british military .
rio grande takes place after the civil war when the union turned their attention towards the apaches . union officer kirby yorke is in charge of an outpost on the rio grande in which he is in charge of training of new recruits one of which is his son whom he hasn 't seen in years . he whips him into shape to take on the apaches but not before his mother shows up to take him out of there .the decision to leave is left up to trooper yorke who decides to stay and fight . through it all kirby and kathleen though separated for years fall back into love and decide that it 's time to give it another try . but yorke faces his toughest battle when his unorthodox plan to outwit the elusive apaches leads to possible court - martial . locked in a bloody indian war he must fight to redeem his honor and save the love and lives of his broken family
when a young schoolgirl is raped and murdered the mateship between a group of surfers is tested as the truth is slowly revealed .
long bay resident donald foley a life long curler and more recent curling coach has just passed away . he has requested that his cremated ashes be bored into a specific curling stone he has just had retrieved from the bottom of long bay . his will also has a non -binding codicil to reunite the last team he coached to curl in the golden broom bonspiel in town a long bay team which has never won and that team which was the closest ever to doing so . donald wants that specific stone in which he is buried to be delivered as the final shot to sit on the button for the win for the long bay team . beyond the four team members not having curled at all since their last bonspiel ten years ago they each have issues in their lives which may make coming together as a team and winning and curling in its entirety difficult or a non -priority. lead neil bucyk 's life is directed by his controlling wife linda a right she believes she has as his livelihood is in her family 's business a funeral home . second eddie strombeck and his wife lilly are trying to conceive her ovulation cycles which may trump all else in his life especially as they have long tried to have a baby without success (although they are having a good time in the trying ). third james lennox who has recently returned to town with joanne the latest in a long line of not too bright casual and short term girlfriends is a drug dealer whose biggest priority may be to evade the thugs to who he owes a lot of money . but the biggest question mark may be skip chris cutter who unilaterally made the decision to break up the team when he left town to work in the alberta oil patch . he quit curling over guilt in not reporting a burnt rock in that last bonspiel that rock which he ultimately threw into long bay (i.e. the rock in which donald is now buried ). the issue of skill may be somewhat addressed if chris is willing to reconnect with his father and donald 's friend gordon cutter with who chris has been estranged over family issues but who remains the most knowledgeable curler in town . the other part of the skill issue is that the butte team will be curling in the bonspiel their entire team but especially skip alexander yount who are treated like rock stars in the curling world . if chris remains in town to curl he also has to address some personal issues as his departure ten years ago broke up his relationship with donald 's daughter julie foley that adversity which in part led to she coming out ahead professionally as a member now of the space program . however donald 's other daughter single mother physiotherapist and admitted alcoholic amy foley who was chris ' drinking buddy and is everyone 's best friend has always had feelings for chris herself something of which chris and julie deep in their hearts are aware .
during the us civil war union pows escape in a balloon and end up stranded on a south pacific island inhabited by giant plants and animals . they must use their ingenuity to survive the dangers and to devise a way to return home . sequel to leagues under the sea '.
those left behind face war famine plagues and natural disaster so devastating that only one in four people will survive . odds are even worse for the enemies of the antichrist and his new world order . rayford steele buck williams bruce barnes and chloe steeleband together to form the tribulation force . their task is clear and their goal is nothing less than to stand and fight against the enemies of god during the seven most chaotic years the planet will ever know .
a british squad is sent on a training mission in the highlands of scotland against special operations squad . ignoring the childish "campfire" stories heard about the area they continue with their mission and come across the bloody remains of the special ops squad and a fierce howling is pitching the night sky ... with two mortally wounded men they make an escape running into a zoologist by the name of megan - who knows exactly what hunts them . what began as what they thought was a training mission turns into a battle for their lives against the most unlikely enemies they would have expected - werewolves .
keitel plays the lead in this schizophrenic movie in which he is continually pulled by the two conflicting sides of his personality on the one hand that of a quiet piano virtuoso and on the other a ruthless debt collector for his mobster father . keitel is introspective as only keitel can be really making the audience feel for him and his pained existence .
a widower his three young kids and a bombshell nanny get to know each other better when circumstances have them living together aboard a badly neglected houseboat .
a young boy 's life in turn -of-the-century france . marcel witnesses the success of his teacher father as well as the success of his arrogant uncle jules . marcel and family spend their summer vacation in a cottage in provence and marcel befriends a local boy who teaches him the secrets of the hills in provence .
every holiday marcel and his family go to their cottage in the provence (france). he likes the hills in this region . before they arrive at the cottage they have to walk about miles . with ...
while the general theme of this film resembles "the blue lagoon " (the film for which this is a sequel ) the basic plot is quite different . we open the film with a ship finding the craft with our original characters in it richard and emmeline dead and paddy alive . established in the first film the only word paddy ever says is "richard" so the crew assumes richard is the infant 's name . taken in by sarah a widow with an infant baby girl lilli richard (paddy) is cared for in a return to civilization . struck by cholera the crew of the ship start to die and the captain sets sarah richard lilli and a healthy crew member on a lifeboat in an attempt to preserve their lives . with water and food running short the crew member escorting sarah and the children becomes dangerous so sarah takes the only course of action she feels suitable to preserve the children : she strikes him and throws him overboard . taking control of the small craft she eventually guides them back to the island of the first film . the infant richard recognizing where he is finds his home and is very upset not to find his parents . fixing up the hut and settling in the children sarah begins their life on the island slowly teaching the children survival tools as well as schooling them as though they were in school and teaching them slowly about the facts of life including lilli 's eventual growth to womanhood . when sarah dies from pneumonia she leaves the children far more prepared than richard and emmeline in the first film . years later as the children grow into adulthood the film skims the same themes as the first of their developing relationship and introduces the characters to civilization when a ship low on fresh water stops on their island and offers to take them home . after a confrontation with one of the crew and the captain 's daughter lilli finds herself pregnant and they decide to stay as they feel the civilization the visitors have to offer will not compare to the life they lead on the island .
billy tepper is the leader of a group of rebellious boys at the regis school . he has already been expelled from three prominent private schools . his best friend joey trotta is the son of the head of the new york mafia ; billy all their friends and many other kids at the school have equally influential and prominent if more law -abiding parents . when luis cali 's father is put in jail he heads for the regis school to put the son of the judge in charge of the case under hostage only to find he has been removed . however once he realises who the parents of the rest are he decides the entire student body of the regis school would be an even better bargaining chip .
it 's in the small town of gregory texas . divorce nita longley has been brought into the town by the telephone company to work as its switchboard operator a job which requires her to ...
the story runs in the 's new york . coalhouse walker jr . is a black piano player . he has won fame and fortune playing with a jazz band . some white men do not like this situation and one day they assault him and spoil his brand new car . walker tries by all means to get justice without an answer ...
a truck driver plays a cat -and-mouse game with a mysterious serial killer who uses a young female hitchhiker as bait to lure victims on a desolate australian highway .
darryl revok is the most powerful of all the scanners and is the head of the underground scanner movement for world domination . scanners have great psychic power strong enough to control minds ; they can inflict enormous pain /damage on their victims . doctor paul ruth finds a scanner that revok hasn 't and converts him to their cause - to destroy the underground movement .
tom sharky is a narcotics cop in atlanta who 's demoted to vice after a botched bust . in the depths of this lowly division while investigating a high -dollar prostitution ring sharky stumbles across a mob murder with government ties and responds by assembling his downtrodden fellow investigators (sharky's "machine") to find the leaders and bring them to justice before they kill off all his partners and witnesses including sharky himself .
while trying to get his father out of a financial jam a man comes up with an idea that turns into an unexpected overnight financial fashion success - the bottomless pants .
a squad of national guards on an isolated weekend exercise in the louisiana swamp must fight for their lives when they anger local cajuns by stealing their canoes . without live ammunition and in a strange country their experience begins to mirror the vietnam experience .
the movie is about the life of tarzan . tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named kala since he was a child . he believed that this was his family but on an expedition jane porter is rescued by tarzan . he then finds out that he 's human . now tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to ...
new york 's odyssey detective agency is hired by two different clients to follow two women suspected of infidelity . ladies ' man john russo trails angela niotes the elegant wife of a wealthy italian industrialist while charles rutledge and arthur brodsky follow dolores martin the beautiful young wife of a jealous husband . their respective cases are complicated when john falls for angela and charles falls for dolores .
frank is an expert professional safecracker specializing in high -profile diamond jobs . after having spent many years in prison he has a very concrete picture of what he wants out of life --including a nice home a wife and kids . as soon as he is able to assemble the pieces of this collage by means of his chosen profession he intends to retire and become a model citizen . in an effort to accelerate this process he signs on to take down a huge score for a big -time gangster . unfortunately frank 's obsession for his version of the american dream allows him to overlook his natural wariness and mistrust when making the deal for his final job . he is thus ensnared and robbed of his freedom his independence and ultimately his dream .
though several actors portray elvis presley at different stages of his life this documentary is comprised mostly of actual performance footage and interviews with elvis his fans and those close to him . his arrival on the national scene in is highlighted by clips from "stage show " "the milton berle show " and "the ed sullivan show ". scenes from several of his films are highlighted including his screen debut in "love me tender " and the critically acclaimed "king his last film prior to a year hitch in the military . from he kept busy by making films and soundtrack albums as well as some gospal albums . after an absence of almost years from live performing elvis returned in to do a tv special titled "elvis" and in performed in las vegas for the first time since . his vegas appearances along with his nation wide concert tours continued for the remainder of his career . a clip from his tv special "elvis aloa " is featured . telecast from hawaii it was the first concert to be televised live by satellite around the world .we also see footage from his last tv special "elvis in concert " which was taken from his final tour .
de niro (a catholic priest ) and duvall (a homicide detective ) play brothers drawn together after many years apart in the aftermath of the brutal murder of a young prostitute .
pierce brosnan gives one last mission as james bond . starting off in north korea bond is betrayed and captured . months later bond is set free but traded for zao who was captured by . when back in his world bond sets off to track down zao . bond gets caught up in yet another scheme which sends him to millionaire gustav graves . another agent known as miranda frost is also posing as a friend of graves . bond is invited to a presentation held by graves about a satellite found in space which can project a huge laser beam . bond must stop this madman with a fellow american agent known as jinx . whilst bond tries to stop graves and zao will he finally reveal who betrayed him ?
william hundert is a passionate and principled classics professor who finds his tightly -controlled world shaken and inexorably altered when a new student sedgewick bell walks into his classroom . what begins as a fierce battle of wills gives way to a close student -teacher relationship but results in a life lesson for hundert that will still haunt him a quarter of a century later .
craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . when their house is robbed on christmas ...
three women 's escapes from their afflicted lives . each struggles to flee from the men who confine their personal freedom .
british thomas fowler enjoys his life in saigon working as a reporter for the london times covering the conflict in vietnam between the colonial french powers and the communists who seem to be winning the war . in the later stages of his career he takes his job lightly now filing stories only on occasion and no longer doing field work . but most important this posting allows him to escape from what he considers a dreary life in london --including an unsatisfying marriage to a catholic woman who will never grant him a divorce --which in turn allows him to have an affair with a young vietnamese ex -taxi dancer named phuong whom he loves and would marry if he were able . phuong 's sister doesn 't much like fowler if only because fowler cannot provide a stable future for her . his idyllic life is threatened when head office suggests he go back to london . in this way he decides to write a major story to prove to his superiors that he should stay in saigon . in fowler is called into the local police inspector 's office to provide any information on his friend thirty -ish american alden pyle who has been found murdered . fowler had met pyle the previous year when he arrived in vietnam to work as part of the american contingent in the economic aid mission . fowler and pyle 's relationship was not always harmonious initially as pyle admitted he too was in love with phuong and wanted to marry her . that antagonistic relationship would extend to their professional lives around fowler believing that the story that would allow him to stay in vietnam was the rise of a man named general th and pyle 's belief that a third power should come in to take over vietnam from both the french and the communists . the question becomes whether fowler knows more about pyle 's demise than he lets on to the inspector .
after a chance encounter at a theater two men benigno and marco meet at a private clinic where benigno works . lydia marco 's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession has been gored and is in a coma . it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma alicia a young ballet student . the lives of the four characters will flow in all directions past present and future dragging all of them towards an unsuspected destiny .
davey stone an alcoholic with a criminal record is sentenced to community service under the supervision of an elderly referee . davey is then faced with trying to reform and abandon his bad habits .
a film crew travels to the austrian alps near the (former) yugoslav border to film three extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . what they don 't know however is that they 're filming near the secret hideout of slobodan pavle a serbian war criminal . accidentally catching him on film they become locked in a life -or-death chase for their lives through the mountains that includes skiing snowboarding sky diving white water rafting helicopters motorcycles and base jumping .
dr . gibarian part of a team at a space station studying solaris makes an urgent and self -described bizarre video request to his friend civilian psychiatrist dr . chris kelvin to come to the station to deal with an unspecified phenomenon aboard that phenomenon with which chris ' experience and background may be able to explain and solve . chris learns that his trip is sanctioned by the space program as a security force had been sent to the station to investigate that security team which is now missing . when chris arrives at the station he finds only two surviving team members drs . gordon and snow (dr. gibarian committed suicide ) who are both acting nervously . chris also finds two unexpected people there the first who chris only sees fleetingly being dr . gibarian 's adolescent son michael and the second being chris ' deceased wife rheya . chris and rheya had a passionate relationship in all its good and bad before she committed suicide . apparently these appearances of loved ones of the crew at the station are what chris has come to investigate . as chris gordon and snow discuss and argue about what to do chris becomes emotionally invested in this vision of his wife who herself begins to realize she looks like rheya acts like rheya (including having the same feelings for chris ) answers to the name rheya but is not really the rheya that was once chris ' wife .
a disney animated version of "treasure island ". the only difference is that the film is set in outer space with alien worlds and other galactic wonders .
after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event julia lund a graduate student in psychology gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . and what 's worse it might be coming back to get her ...
a japanese yakuza gangster is exiled to the united states . takeshi settles in los angeles where his younger half brother lives and finds that although the turf is new the rules are still the same as they try to take over the local drug trade .
writer jennifer hills (butler) takes a retreat from the city to a charming cabin in the woods to start on her next book . but jennifer 's presence in the small town attracts the attention of a few morally depraved locals who set out one night to teach this city girl a lesson . they break into her cabin to scare her . however what starts out as terrifying acts of humiliation and intimidation quickly and uncontrollably escalates into a night of physical abuse and torturous assault . but before they can kill her jennifer sacrifices her broken and beaten body to a raging river that washes her away . as time passes the men slowly stop searching for her body and try to go back to life as usual . but that isn 't about to happen . against all odds jennifer hills survived her ordeal . now with hell bent vengeance jennifer 's sole purpose is to turn the tables on these animals and to inflict upon them every horrifying and torturous moment they carried out on her ... only much much worse .
two lieutenants chard of engineers and bromhead find that their man contingent in natal has been isolated by the destruction of the main british army column and that zulu warriors will descend on them in hours . each has a different military background in tactics and they are immediatly in conflict on how to prepare for the attack . nearly a third of the men are in the infirmary as the welsh company tries to somehow survive with no help in sight . based on a true story .
mobster paul vitti is released into dr . ben sobol 's care where only more chaos ensues .
lucious the founder and ceo of a successful record label has been diagnosed with als . he must choose one of his three sons to take over the company when he dies . meanwhile his ex wife and co -founder cookie has been released from prison and wants to reclaim her rightful place in the company .
in a futuristic world a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . cleric john preston (bale) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . when he misses a dose of prozium a mind -altering drug that hinders emotion preston who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it .
a troubled and perverted family find their lives intruded by a mysterious stranger who seems to help find a balance in their disturbing natures .
follows the tale of a young woman 's sexual awakening and subsequent journey around the world in pursuit of her ideal lover . encounters include an arabian sheik and a spanish bullfighter . her friend and butler accompany her and help to arrange her couplings . moderate nudity and soft -porn.
vernon ah kee is regarded as one of the most compelling contemporary aboriginal artists in australia . this short documentary follows vernon as he draws one of his amazing charcoal portraits . his portraits challenge and resurface the past injustices done to aboriginal people in australia particularly on palm island where his grandparents and family were photographed by researcher by norman tindale .
in world war ii a group of nazi officers come up with a propaganda event in which an all star nazi team will play a team composed of allied prisoners of war in a soccer (football) game . the prisoners agree planning on using the game as a means of escape from the camp .
a kind of musical accompanying the story of the early 's and the effect that the "zoot suit " (a man 's suit of long jacket and pegged pants always worn with a long keychain that looped ...
based on the video game alone in the dark focuses on edward carnby a detective of the paranormal who slowly unravels mysterious events with deadly results .
while facing the stress of his play being produced on broadway a playwright deals with having to raise his son his stepdaughters and his stepsons .
when a professional couple who have lived & worked together for many years finally decide to marry their sudden betrothal causes many unexpectedly funny and awkward difficulties . they soon ...
a town 's sheriff and regular patron of a historical whorehouse fights to keep it running when a tv preacher targets it as the devil 's playhouse .
a documentary on the chaotic production of werner herzog 's epic fitzcarraldo showing how the film managed to get made despite problems that would have floored a less obsessively ...
monterey california in the 's. cannery row - the section of town where the now closed fish canneries are located - is inhabited primarily by the down and out although many would not ...
to make sidney 's slump all the more painful clifford anderson a student of one of sidney 's writing seminars has recently sent his mentor a copy of his first attempt at playwrighting for sidney 's review and advice . the play "deathtrap" is a five character two act thriller so perfect in its construction that as sidney says "a gifted director couldn 't even hurt it ." using his penchant for plot and out of his desperate desire to once again be the toast of broadway sidney along with myra cook up an almost unthinkable scheme : they 'll lure the would -be playwright to the bruhl home kill him and market the sure -fire script as sidney 's own . but shortly after clifford arrives it 's clear that things are not what they seem ! indeed even helga ten dorp a nosey psychic from next door and porter milgram sidney 's observant attorney can only speculate where the line between truth and deception lies .
a relatively boring los angeles couple discover a bizarre if not murderous way to get funding for opening a restaurant .
a fish -out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university expecting to lead its marching band 's drumline to victory . he initially flounders in his new world before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top .
an attractive and popular teenager who is mean -spirited toward others finds herself in the body of an older man and must find a way to get back to her original body .
marisa ventura is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of new york city who works as a maid in a first -class manhattan hotel . by a twist of fate and mistaken identity marisa meets christopher marshall a handsome heir to a political dynasty who believes that she is a guest at the hotel . fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . when marisa 's true identity is revealed the two find that they are worlds apart even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
a man upon retirement embarks on a journey to his estranged daughter 's wedding only to discover more about himself and life than he ever expected .
. desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children evelyn dermot and maurice make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . the irish courts put the doyle children into church -run orphanages . although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that he 'll get his children back after he gets a job he learns there 's another barrier . during that time evelyn suffers abuse while desmond goes to court to get his children back . a barmaid her brother her suitor and a tippling footballer become desmond 's team .
two survivors find a house spared by time on an earth ravaged by zombies . confronted to a world that no longer exists matt stays focused on his mission but alex will soon call into question his world and face a choice : to leave or to stay to live or to die .
while frodo and sam now accompanied by a new guide continue their hopeless journey towards the land of shadow to destroy the one ring each member of the broken fellowship plays their part in the battle against the evil wizard saruman and his armies of isengard .
cornered by the dea convicted new york drug dealer montgomery brogan reevaluates his life in the remaining hours before facing a seven -year jail term .
a sailor prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist for help . refusing at first to open up the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . through the guidance of his doctor he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew .
having seen his father killed in a major gang fight in new york young amsterdam vallon is spirited away for his own safety . some years later he returns to the scene of his father 's death the notorious five points district in new york . it 's and lower manhattan is run by gangs the most powerful of which is the natives headed by bill "the butcher " cutting . he believes that america should belong to native -born americans and opposes the waves of immigrants mostly irish entering the city . it 's also the time of the civil war and forced conscription leads to the worst riots in us history . amid the violence and corruption young vallon tries to establish himself in the area and also seek revenge over his father 's death .
a lawyer decides that she 's used too much like a nanny by her boss so she walks out on him .
on an african safari eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman she can now talk to animals . when eliza discovers that poachers in africa 's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them .
an undercover narc dies the investigation stalls so the detroit p .d. brings back nick tellis fired -months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . tellis teams with henry oak a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . they follow leads informants turn up dead nick 's wife is unhappy he 's back on the street henry 's protective of the dead cop 's wife . nick reads and re -reads the case file broods watches oak 's heavy -handed style sometimes joining in . the brass want to close out the case nick and henry stay on it and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . what actually happened ; will nick ever know ?
michael a wimpy young executive is about to get pulverized by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome mysterious stranger steps in --and then disappears . later that night while jogging michael runs into the stranger on a pier . he introduces himself as alex and the two go out to an under - ground club . within a matter of days alex wheedles his way into michael 's life and turns it upside down and michael doesn 't realize that alex is a dangerous sociopath until it 's too late .
a female rookie in the police force engages in a cat and mouse game with a pistol wielding psychopath who becomes obsessed with her .
a millionaire is found dead of heart failure handcuffed to the bed with a home video tape of him and his lover . when cocaine is found in his system and his will leaves million to his lover they arrest her on suspicion of murder . her lawyer succumbs to her charms and he begins a torrid and kinky affair with her . as new evidence turns up during trial he begins to wonder if he 's defending a murderer .
a troublemaking student at a girls ' school accuses two teachers of being lesbians .
a long and bitter feud between two old families comes to a final climatic duel between josephine wentworth and the lady shrewsbury .
realising his secret girlfriend dorothy 's pregnancy will sour her relations with her ultra -rich father career -minded philadelphia student jonathan corliss coolly murders her making it ...
when fred frenger gets out of prison he decides to start over in miami florida where he starts a violent one -man crime wave . he soon meets up with amiable college student /prostitute susie waggoner . opposing frenger is sgt hoke moseley a cop who is getting a bit old for the job especially since the job of cop in 's miami is getting crazier all the time .
vada sultenfuss has a holiday coming up and an assignment : to do an essay on someone she admires and has never met . she decides she wants to do an assignment on her mother but quickly realizes she knows very little about her . she manages to get her father to agree to let her go to la to stay with her uncle phil and do some research on her mother . once in la she finds herself under the protection of nick the son of phil 's girlfriend who at first is very annoyed at losing his holidays to escort a hick *girl* around town . however he soon becomes more involved in the difficult search .
vada sultenfuss is obsessed with death . her mother is dead and her father runs a funeral parlor . she is also in love with her english teacher and joins a poetry class over the summer just to impress him . thomas j . her best friend is "allergic to everything " and sticks with vada despite her hangups . when vada 's father hires shelly a makeup expert in his funeral parlor and begins to fall in love with her vada is outraged and does everything in her power to split them up .
two young girls satsuki and her younger sister mei move into a house in the country with their father to be closer to their hospitalized mother . satsuki and mei discover that the nearby forest is inhabited by magical creatures called totoros (pronounced toe -toe-ro). they soon befriend these totoros and have several magical adventures .
it 's time for christmas break and the sorority sisters make plans for the holiday but the strange anonymous phone calls are beginning to put them on edge . when clare disappears they contact the police who don 't express much concern . meanwhile jess is planning to get an abortion but boyfriend peter is very much against it . the police finally begin to get concerned when a -year-old girl is found dead in the park . they set up a wiretap to the sorority house but will they be in time to prevent a sorority girl attrition problem ?
after an unusual meteor shower leaves most of the human population blind a merchant navy officer must find a way to conquer tall aggressive plants which are feeding on people and animals .
the beautiful o is taken by her boyfriend rene to a bizarre retreat where she is trained in bondage and sexual perversion . rene discharges a personal debt by transferring possession of o ...
the film tells the story of two boxers and their problems . one of them is on the decline of his career while the other one just begins his ascent in this sport .
the true story of frank abagnale jr . who before his birthday successfully conned millions of dollars ' worth of checks as a pan am pilot doctor and legal prosecutor .
murderesses velma kelly (a chanteuse and tease who killed her husband and sister after finding them in bed together ) and roxie hart (who killed her boyfriend when she discovered he wasn 't going to make her a star ) find themselves on death row together and fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows in chicago .
in new orleans just before hurricane katrina hits a pregnant woman gives birth prematurely . she dies and her baby is in critical condition . the baby has to be kept in a neonatal incubator . when the hurricane strikes all the power goes out and everyone in the hospital leaves . but the baby 's father stays because the baby can 't be moved so he has to take care of his baby by making sure the ventilator stays on . and because there 's no power the only power source is generator that he has to crank every few minutes . so he has to stay awake while waiting for someone to come for them .
a malinois dog that helped american marines in afghanistan returns to the united states and is adopted by his handler 's family after suffering a traumatic experience .
a young compassionate man struggles to save his family and friends from the abusive exploitation of his cold -heartedly grasping uncle .
manu is an orphan . he spends his spare time as an album composer at arphas amar 's (aju varghese ) amar recording studio .
two low -life punks invite themselves to a party at a posh villa and after being taunted by their snobbish hosts hold everyone hostage and subject them to various forms of torture and mayhem .
a bar girl hires a struggling actor to give her acting lessons so that she can feign a greater interest in her customers . the longer they work together the more they find they have in common and eventually fall in love with each other .
television made him famous but his biggest hits happened off screen . "confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman 's double life - television producer by day cia assassin by night . at the height of his tv career chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . or so barris said .
the comedic stylings of four sort -of famous funnymen are brought to the big screen courtesy of this documentary .
a happy young couple sarah and tom marry against the wishes of sarah 's friends and family and go to europe for their honeymoon . unfortunately for them sarah 's parents send sarah 's ex -boyfriend peter prentis to break up the happy marriage .
when mother malkin the queen of evil witches escapes the pit she was imprisoned in by professional monster hunter spook decades ago and kills his apprentice he recruits young tom the seventh son of the seventh son to help him .
when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman a man presumes he must have cheated on his fiance . guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding high jinks ensue .
louis booker and charlie carbone are close friends with an association with the mob . after the duo botch a delivery of stolen tvs the duo are given a second chance by mob leader sal maggio who happens to be charlie 's stepfather . the duo are to deliver to a contact in australia . as simple as the job sounds complications emerge when a kangaroo steals the money . now charlie and louis must find the kangaroo and get the money back before they find themselves in a worse predicament .
earl and hank have only one thing in common : they 're both l .a.p.d. rejects . one just got kicked out the other can 't even get in . after confronting each other on opposite sides of the law during a traffic stop that escalates out of control these two luckless individuals end up partnered as lowly security guards . despite being damned to the lowest rung of the law enforcement ladder earl and hank uncover a sophisticated smuggling operation led by nash and his band of thugs . when earl and hank get their hands on some hot property they go on the run from first the bad guys then the l .a.p.d.--led by lt . washington and detective mcduff . what these two unlikely partners do to law enforcement is a crime but they just might save the day . that is if they don 't kill each other first .
two boys growing up in a violent neighborhood of rio de janeiro take different paths : one becomes a photographer the other a drug dealer .
tom ripley has a sweet deal with an art forger . the forger creates the paintings ; tom sells them . but another criminal business associate wants tom to go in for an even riskier enterprise : murder . tom suggests his associate ask a local picture framer instead . that man has a fatal disease or so it 's rumored . more he has a wife and kid that surely he wouldn 't want to leave penniless . let this picture framer be a hit man and no one will suspect . the terminally ill craftsman may agree to the misdeed and several more but he 'll end up needing tom ripley in a pinch .
this epic depiction of thirty years of chicano gang life in los angeles focuses on a teen named santana who with his friends mundo and the caucasian -but-acting-hispanic j .d. form their own gang and are soon arrested for a break -in. santana gets into trouble again and goes straight from reform school to prison spending eighteen years there and becoming leader of a powerful gang both inside and outside the prison while there . when he is finally released he tries to make sense of the violence in his life in a world much changed from when last he was in it .
in the night before the years old "birdlace" eddie and his friends are shipped to vietnam . they play a dirty game called 'dogfight': all of them seek a woman for a party and who finds the most ugly one wins a prize . eddie finds the lonesome pacifist rose working in a coffee shop . she 's happy to accompany him - but then she sees through the game . however by this time he already learned to like her so he follows her home . will he manage to win her heart despite their differences ?
a struggling young actress with a six year -old daughter sets up housekeeping with a homeless black widow and her light -skinned eight year -old daughter who rejects her mother by trying to pass for white .
a french boy (daniel) and an american girl (lauren) who goes to school in paris meet and begin a little romance . they befriend julius who enchants them with his storytelling . in an attempt to ensure the teens ' love forever the three journey to venice .
a teenage boy would like to meet with a very pretty blonde girl who lives in the next door . his elder brother helps him with car and credit card to be successful . this simple story will be very complicated because of the corpse in the boot and other nightmares intervene ...
pp le moko is a gangster from paris that hides in algier 's casbah . in the casbah he is safe and is able to elude the police 's attempts to capture him . but he misses his freedom after two years in the casbah . he meets a gorgeous parisian tourist gaby and they fall in love . native inspector slimane tries to use her to attract pp out of the casbah in order to catch him .
a young american couple go to the greek islands for the summer and are dazzled by the beauty and the uninhibited people surrounding them . the young man meets and begins an affair with a french woman an archeologist working on a dig . the young american woman discovers this and goes to confront the other woman . the french woman is quite taken with the american woman 's photographic work and the three become very close .
on his way to work teddy spots charlotte - an incredibly beautiful woman in red . he really wants to meet her - but what would his wife say ?
danny a handsome -year-old prep school student and swimmer head over heels in love with an older man darcy . when darcy mysteriously vanishes before a planned trip danny searches for him with the help of two strangers who are also connected to his lover . an unexpected bond develops between these three as they trace darcy 's steps and uncover the dangerous secrets he has kept .
a soldier runs away rather than receive the medal of honor so his buddy gets permission to investigate and love and death soon follow .
wishing to become a successful reggae singer a young jamaican man finds himself tied to corrupt record producers and drug pushers .
two cops a rookie and a grizzled vet pursue an accomplished bank robber .
a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " this is the story of manuel galloway also known as "the king of cali " the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african -american men mostly white -collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag -racing event in fresno as manuel tries to retain his championship title .
clear rivers has been living life in a mental hospital after the bizarre events that lead to the deaths of her friends . one day she is approached by a girl named kimberly who believes she had a premonition similar to her friend alex who died . clear has to either risk her life helping others or stay inside the hospital the rest of her life waiting for her death to come . what will she do ?
in an era when the country 's first line of defense intelligence is more important than ever this story opens the cia 's infamous closed doors and gives an insider 's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited how they are prepared for the spy game and what they learn to survive . james clayton might not have the attitude of a typical recruit but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he 's just the person that walter burke wants in the agency . james regards the cia 's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life but before he becomes an ops officer james has to survive the agency 's secret training ground where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla one of his fellow recruits . but just when james starts to question his role and his cat -and-mouse relationship with his mentor burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole . as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax it soon becomes clear that the cia 's old maxims are true : "trust no one " and "nothing is what it seems ."
a school -teacher in india sires a son named gurukant but is disappointed as the child fails to live up to his high expectations . when gurukant grows up he is unable to secure decent employment in india so finds a way to go to turkey where he finds employment . when he returns back to india he wants to start his own business but is unable to do so as he does not have enough money . so he does some research gets to meet sujata the daughter of a wealthy man named jignesh and marries her . after the marriage gurukant finds out that sujata has a dark past but he ignores this - for his one motive is to be to rise in the eyes of his father - and get rich .
terry gilliam 's doomed attempt to get his film the man who killed don quixote off the ground .
a lonely young woman traumatized by a difficult childhood and her increasingly desperate attempts to connect with the people around her is sent into a murderous tailspin .
year old kickboxers from opposite ends of miami max and jesus battle for triumph in sport and their own identities in this coming -of-age action /drama. coming from opposing sides of the tracks like trains headed for a collision the two contend for the south florida title . however an unexpected event extends their combat zone from the ring to the streets . a war is declared that gives birth to two heroes ; though it can yield but one champion .
a young man finds himself held captive by a mysterious doctor and his brutish henchman .
trying to find how a millionaire wound up with a phony diamond brings hercule poirot to an exclusive island resort frequented by the rich and famous . when a murder is committed everyone has an alibi .
the soviets have developed a revolutionary new jet fighter called "firefox". naturally the british are worried that the jet will be used as a first -strike weapon as rumours say that the jet is indetectable on radar . they send ex -vietnam war pilot mitchell gant on a covert mission into the soviet union to steal firefox .
as the film opens on an oklahoma farm during the depression two simultaneous visitors literally hit the wagoneer home : a ruinous dust storm and a convertible crazily driven by red the missus ' brother . a roguish country -western musician he has just been invited to audition for the grand ole opry his chance of a lifetime to become a success . however this is way back in nashville red clearly drives terribly and he 's broke and sick with tuberculosis to boot . whit seeing his own chance of a lifetime to avoid "growing up to be a cotton picker all my life " begs ma to let him go with uncle red as driver and protege . thus begins a picaresque journey both hilarious and poignant .
the friendship of a group of young friends struggling with teen sex drugs and work is jeopardized by a romantic interest which may turn pals into bitter rivals .
from a riddle -speaking butterfly a unicorn learns that she is supposedly the last of her kind all the others having been herded away by the red bull . the unicorn sets out to discover the truth behind the butterfly 's words . she is eventually joined on her quest by schmendrick a second -rate magician and molly grue a now middle -aged woman who dreamed all her life of seeing a unicorn . their journey leads them far from home all the way to the castle of king haggard ...
when year old australian teenager kathy morgan discovers a mysterious boat during a family vacation she decides to investigate - little realising that the boat is actually a ...
a successful young l .a. doctor and his equally successful television -producer wife find their happily -ever-after life torn assunder when he suddenly confronts his long -repressed attraction for other men . zach and claire live a comfortable life secure in their love for one another when bart a swinging l .a. novelist walks into zach 's office and awakens unfamiliar feelings in him . in a move which leaves him wracked with guilt zach cancels dinner with his wife in order to go out with bart . he is inexplicably drawn to this man who seems intent on keeping him at arms distance . why can 't bart allow their relationship to grow ? he wonders . exasperated he asks bart "do you snore ? does anybody ever get a chance to find out ?" as zach 's absences become more and more frequent claire 's concern manifests itself in the suspicion that he is having an affair with another woman . jilted by bart and feeling alone for the first time in his married life zach resolves to tell claire the truth about himself . predictably claire is shocked that she could have known so little about the man she has loved for so many years and accuses him of deceiving her from the very start .
a wacky inventor and his wife invite two other couples for a weekend party at a romantic summer house in the countryside .
in in chile the american journalist charles horman arrives in valparaiso with his friend terry simon to meet his wife beth and bring her back to new york with him . however they are surprised by the military coup d 'tat sponsored by the us government to replace president salvador allende and charles is arrested by the military force . his father ed horman a conservative businessman from new york arrives in chile to seek out his missing son with beth . he goes to the american consulate to meet the consul that promises the best efforts to find charles while the skeptical beth does not trust on the word of the american authorities . the nationalism and confidence of ed in his government changes when he finds the truth about what happened with his beloved son .
john flaherty is a young and ambitious american priest who arrives in the papal sovereign city state of the vatican in to take his holy orders as a catholic priest . after distinguishing himself in combat in the world war ii battlefields of northern italy he 's assigned as the vatican treasurer . with the vatican strapped for money during the war flaherty soon makes illegal business deals with a corrupt u .s. army sergeant named varese who deals goods on the local black market which is connected to a ruthless sicilian mobster named don appolini . appolini agrees to fund flaherty 's operation for profit through his swiss bank connections . flaherty 's mentor cardinal santoni the secretary to the elderly but powerful pope learns of flaherty 's business deals but covers for flaherty in order for them to rise in the ranks of the church against santoni 's rival cardinal vinci . but flaherty 's double life as a black marketeer and priest takes a turn when he falls in love with a young french nun named clara who knows of his dealings but not of his true identity in the catholic church .
a collection of skits that made the python troup famous performed live at the hollywood bowl . included are the singing philosophers lumberjacks the pope and a suspiciously -male looking seabird vendor .
the quirky cases of a former model and a smart aleck detective who manage a private detective agency .
working long hours in the emergency room nurse kana aoshima befriends musician and frequent hospital patient shogo amami . shogo 's therapy visits for his muteness and blindness happen to frequently coincide with kana 's shift which enables the nurse to get to know the handsome artist well enough to start falling in love with him . fate intercedes however when shogo is killed after being hit by a car -- a development that utterly crushes kana 's will to live . shogo 's spirit is transported to heaven where it is given the chance to return to earth to assist kana through her grieving and to renew her sense of faith in the world -- with the only caveat being he cannot reveal his identity to kana .
hank and frannie don 't seem to be able to live together anymore . after a five -year relationship lustful and dreamy fanny leaves down -to-earth hank on the anniversary of their relationship . each one of them meets their dream mate but as bright as they may seem they are but a stage of lights and colours . will true love prevail over a seemingly glamorous passion ? welcome to coppola 's broadway -like romantic musical .
a young slacker wanders new york city searching for some meaning in life and encounters many idiosyncratic characters .
the intertwined lives and loves of three highly -ranked athletes striving for the national team ; chris bounces between the beds of male coach terry and her female friend competitor and role model tory .
a parody /homage to gilbert and sullivan 's pirates of penzance the pirate movie is a comedy /musical utilizing both new songs and parodies from the original as well as references to popular films of the time including star wars and raiders of the lost ark . in your typical boy meets girl boy loses girl boy fights girl with swords plot the story revolves around mabel the youngest of maj . gen . stanley 's many daughters and frederic an ex -pirate of penzance . they fall in love and proceed to retrieve the stanley 's fortune from the pirates (stolen years ago ). the pirate king informs frederic that due to him being born on feb . (during a leap year ) frederic is still technically the king 's apprentice . frederic must then decide between duty and honor the only good qualities the king taught him and true love .
french sailor querelle arrives in brest and starts frequenting a strange whorehouse . he discovers that his brother robert is the lover of the lady owner lysiane . here you can play dice with nono lysiane 's husband : if you win you are allowed to make love with lysiane if you lose you have to make love with nono ... querelle loses on purpose ...
richard pryor performs his stand -up comedy act on the sunset strip .
the young daughter of a politician runs away due to lack of attention . she hides in the car of two not too bright crooks who are slowly converted into parent figures as the police web ...
the film of an on -stage charity benefit for amnesty international . the show includes comedy skits by the members of monty python as well as noted comedians peter cook rowan atkinson and others . the show also includes musical numbers by eric clapton sting donovan and bob geldof .
munich : a sports journalist meets veronika voss an ufa actress who supposedly had an affair with goebbels . now declining voss is kept by her "kind" doctor dr . katz supplying her ...
a fifteen year marriage dissolves leaving both the husband and wife and their four children devastated . he 's preoccupied with a career and a mistress she with a career and caring for four young children . while they attempt to go their separate ways jealousy and bitterness reconnect them .
a burned -out new york police detective teams up with a college psychoanalyst to track down a vicious serial killer randomly stalking and killing various young women around the city .
on location in portugal a film crew runs out of film while making their own version of roger corman 's day the world ended the producer is nowhere to be found and director friedrich ...
with argento 's trademark visual style linked with one of his more coherent plots tenebrae follows a writer who arrives to rome only to find somebody is using his novels as the inspiration (and occasionally the means ) of committing murder . as the death toll mounts the police are ever baffled and the writer becomes more closely linked to the case than is comfortable .
inspector clouseau mysteriously disappears and a journalist attempts to uncover the mystery . new scenes are interspersed with old footage of peter sellers from the previous films .
deprogramming a dog who kills blacks is the ultimate challenge for an unorthodox african -american trainer . when a young hollywood actress finds the injured stray she nurses it back to health not knowing it 's a "white dog " trained by a racist to attack only blacks . julie 's appalled when the otherwise gentle white german shepherd breaks out then returns from his nighttime foray dotted with human blood . julie desperately races from trainer to trainer advised to kill her pet until the top hollywood canine expert refers her to his former protg keys .
eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . her in -laws who are tired of eva interfering in their lives decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . they end up paying ray the local "playboy" to date her . the plan goes by smoothly but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva .
benjamin barry is an advertising executive competing with two female co -workers for a major campaign for a diamond merchant . he cuts a deal with his competitors that the account is his if he can make a woman of their choice fall in love with him in days . in comes andie anderson who in turn is writing a story on how to lose a guy in days as a bet with her boss to be allowed to write more substantial stories . with a hidden agenda in each camp will either party be able to complete their mission ?
when a chinese rebel murders chon 's estranged father and escapes to england chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . chon 's sister lin has the same idea and uncovers a worldwide conspiracy to murder the royal family but almost no one will believe her .
as a child matt murdock was blinded by a chemical spill in a freak accident . instead of limiting him it gave him superhuman senses that enabled him to see the world in a unique and powerful way . now he uses these powers to deliver justice not only as a lawyer in his own law firm but also as vigilante at night stalking the streets of hell 's kitchen as daredevil the man without fear .
small -town love story of a young man with a reputation for womanizing and his best friend 's sister .
a friendship between two young men is tested when they go for a hike in a desert and forget to bring any water or food with them .
a young woman who is in love with a married doctor becomes dangerous when her attempts to persuade him to leave his wife are unsuccessful . however when things are seen from his point of view the real situation becomes clear .
while traveling with his father young alec becomes fascinated by a mysterious arabian stallion who is brought on board and stabled in the ship he is sailing on . when it tragically sinks both he and the horse survive only to be stranded on a desert island . he befriends it so when finally rescued both return to his home where they soon meet henry dailey a once -successful trainer . together they begin training the stallion to race against the fastest horses in the world .
accidentally blinded by her prostitute mother rose -ann at the age of five selina d 'arcey spends the next years confined in the tiny los angeles apartment that they share with "ole pa " selina 's grandfather . one afternoon at the local park selina meets gordon ralfe a thoughtful young office worker whose kind -hearted treatment of her results in her falling in love with him unaware that he is black . they continue to meet in the park every afternoon and he teaches her how to get along in the city . but when the cruel domineering rose -ann learns of their relationship she forbids her to have anything more to do with him because he is black . selina continues to meet gordon despite rose -ann's fury who is determined to end the relationship for good .
a young district attorney seeking to prove a case against a corrupt police detective encounters a former lover and her new protector a crime boss who refuses to help him in this gritty ...
the happy soap company is owned and managed by the fraleigh family . although he is more of a company figurehead than an active participant in the company 's day -to-day business anything that family patriarch tom fraleigh wants for the company he usually gets . what he wants is beverly boyer - the wife of his daughter -in-law's obstetrician dr . gerald boyer - to appear as the company spokesperson when beverly who he meets at a small dinner party mentions a personal and true story about how happy soap saved her life . she is to appear in a live commercial spot during a happy soap sponsored television show telling her story just as she told tom . despite beverly 's performance going poorly in her own mind tom loved it and how refreshing and honest beverly came across to the viewer . so tom signs her to a one year contract to continue doing the same . this move is questioned by happy soap 's own managers and its advertising company . but it is questioned even more by gerald who believes beverly 's place is in the home taking care of the house and their two adolescent children . as beverly continues to do the commercials her fame rises and her professional commitments increase which add another level of strain to their marriage . only a natural act by mrs . fraleigh jr . may be able to save the boyer 's marriage .
in new york the interior decorator jan morrow and the wolf composer brad allen share a party line but brad keeps it busy most of the time flirting with his girlfriends . they do not know each other but jan hates brads since she needs the telephone for her business and can not use it . coincidently jan 's wealthy client jonathan forbes that woos her is the best friend of brad and he comments with him that he feels an unrequited love for jan who is a gorgeous woman . when brad meets jan by chance in a restaurant he poses as a naive tourist from texas named rex stetson and seduces her . but jonathan hires a private eye to find who rex stetson is .
thomas jerome newton is a humanoid alien who comes to earth to get water for his dying planet . he starts a high technology company to get the billions of dollars he needs to build a return spacecraft and meets mary -lou a girl who falls in love with him . he does not count on the greed and ruthlessness of business here on earth however .
set in the los angeles police department in april dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l .a. riots . in this racially -charged climatethe lapd 's elite special investigations squad (sis) is assigned a high -profile quadruple homicide . as they work the case veteran detective eldon perry known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . meanwhile assistant chief holland the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis threatens to end perry 's brand of singlehanded "justice" on the los angeles streets . while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l .a. perry and keough must track down cold -blooded killers and face their own demons which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue .
the rise and fall of legendary war hero thomas "stonewall" jackson as he leads the confederacy to great success against the union from to . prequel to the classic "gettysburg".
a man against capital punishment is accused of murdering a fellow activist and is sent to death row .
mitch frank and beanie are disillusioned with their personal lives begining when mitch 's nymphomanic girlfriend heidi cheats on him then former party animal frank gets married but unwilling to get go of his wild life and beanie is a family man seeking to reclaim his wild and crazy youth . beanie suggests that they form their own fraternity in mitch 's new house on a college campus to re -live their glory days by bringing together a variety of misfit college students losers middle -aged and elderly retirees as their new friends and later try to avoid being evicted by the new dean of students pritchard whom still holds a personal grudge against all three of them .
dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . dennis nicknamed "spider" by his mother has been institutionalized with acute schizophrenia for some years . he has never truly recovered however and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality .
an ex -convict is tracked down by his estranged teenage son and the pair try to build a relationship and life together in seattle .
the death of king henry viii throws his kingdom into chaos because of succession disputes . his weak son edward is on his deathbed . anxious to keep england true to the reformation a scheming minister john dudley marries off his son guildford to lady jane grey whom he places on the throne after edward dies . at first hostile to each other guildford and jane fall in love . but they cannot withstand the course of power which will lead to their ultimate downfall .
a rich businessman makes a bet he can survive on the streets of a rough los angeles neighborhood for days completely penniless . during his stay he discovers another side of life and falls in love with with a homeless woman .
one night jefferson reed gets hit in the chest by a souped -up chunk of meteor . so he can fly but he 's scared of heights . he can master the information in any book ... for about fifteen minutes . now his friends and family want him to protect their community from the dreaded golden lords .
in blue springs montana high school student roy chutney is beginning to lose his way in life largely the result of two simultaneous events . the first is that his father nelson chutney dies . roy hadn 't seen his father much since his parents divorced and his father remarried . nelson was run over by a train but roy 's mother evangeline chutney with who roy has a somewhat emotionally distant relationship believes he committed suicide . the second is that because funding to the school has reduced the football program to just a varsity team with no junior varsity roy along with half the other players is cut from the football squad as his coach doesn 't believe he is mentally tough enough despite he being a skilled player . the two incidents combined make the situation even worse for roy as football was his primary connection to his father . into roy 's life enters gideon ferguson the local newspaper seller who asks roy to be part of his newly formed football team which will play in a six -man back field league . gid ends up being that father figure that is missing in roy 's life . that guidance is especially important as roy begins his first sexual relationship with skyla sisco a local barmaid . however roy and gid 's relationship begins to change when rumors abound that gid is gay and is romantically interested in roy . roy has to wade through the rumors and his own feelings both for gid and skyla in figuring out what to do regarding his relationships with them .
ten the latest film by iranian master filmmaker abbas kiarostami focuses on ten conversations between a female driver in tehran and the passengers in her car . her exchanges with her young son a jilted bride a prostitute a women on her way to prayer and others shed light on the lives and emotions of these women whose voices are seldom heard .
when a lonely guy meets a woman on the internet who happens to be in prison she breaks out to be with him and proceeds to wreak havoc on his middle -class life .
a special -ops commander leads his team into the nigerian jungle in order to rescue a doctor who will only join them if they agree to save refugees too .
events over the course of one traumatic night in paris unfold in reverse -chronological order as the beautiful alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass .
newly graduated psychiatrist sam and his fiancee alex move to los angeles for sam 's residency and into sam 's mother 's house in upscale laurel canyon . only problem is sam 's mother is still there supposedly finishing up a record that she 's producing for the band of her new boy toy ian . she seems more interested in smoking pot and drinking than actually working though . alex doesn 't mind but sam is quite upset . alex starts off focused on her work (finishing a dissertation on genomics ) but is soon distracted by the rock -'n-roll lifestyle going on around her . meanwhile sam is equally distracted by beautiful israeli intern sara .
a jewish family in germany emigrate short before the second world war . they move to kenya to start running a farm but not all members of the family come to an arrangement with their new life . shortly after their departure things are changing in germany very quickly and a turning back seems impossible . so everyone has to arrange himself with the new life in a new continent .
a comedy about bending the rules to reach your goal bend it like beckham explores the world of women 's football from kick -abouts in the park to freekicks in the final . set in hounslow west london and hamburg the film follows two year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . heart -stopping talent doesn 't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti .
meet sam . a spy . a hunter . and herself hunted by an enemy more ruthless and determined than any she 's ever known . sam has been running from her past her entire life but when she returns to byzantium the organisation that employs her and begins to pursue her pursuer she will discover the only way to escape that past ... is to confront it . this is the story of a spy with a bull 's eye on her back a human target unable to trust anyone at any time even the man she loves . she is quite literally running for her life . hunted is a smart complex and contemporary spy series .
a drug dealer introduces one of his customers a 'speed freak ' to the man who runs the meth lab . a crazy three -day adventure ensues .
the life of jesus christ .
deke rivers is a delivery man who is discovered by publicist glenda markle and country -western musician tex warner who want to promote the talented newcomer to fame and fortune giving him every break he deserves . romantic complications arise as susan another singer in the group offers him devoted admiration as glenda leads him on with promises of a golden future .
monika the host of a daily radio call -in show on the verge of beco - ming a thirtysomething has almost given up all hopes of finding the man of her dreams when her gay brother convinces her to try it one last time -- via a contact advertisement . suprisingly she finds some - one she instantly falls in love with only to find out that her "mr. perfect " is already married -- to her best friend ...
a story of two men drag -racing across the u .s. in a primer grey chevy . dennis wilson is the mechanic james taylor is the driver .
henry wiggen (author to his friends ) and bruce pearson are members of the new york mammoths major league baseball team - author the star pitcher bruce the catcher who never quite lived up to his potential - friends and roommates when they 're on the road . during the off season bruce is diagnosed with a terminal case of hodgkin 's disease . author is the only person on the team who knows of bruce 's illness with neither planning on telling anyone . author takes extraordinary measures to ensure that he is playing ball with bruce during what will probably be bruce 's final season before he can no longer play . author looks after bruce in part because bruce is mentally a simple man who can easily be taken advantage of especially by his opportunistic girlfriend katie . as the season progresses the team isn 't quite gelling despite being the best team on paper . but as information comes to light the dynamic on the team changes to make it a memorable end of the season especially for bruce who finishes on his own terms .
bio of swing band leader 'benny goodman ' from age to his landmark carnegie hall band concert in . not exactly historically accurate but great music . also guest appearances by many great musicians of the time .
married couple george adamson and joy adamson have longed lived in northern kenya for george 's work as the senior game warden of the region . one of george 's primary responsibilities is to ...
a tycoon hires a tutor to teach his lover proper etiquette .
a psychiatrist martin dysart investigates the savage blinding of six horses with a metal spike in a stable in hampshire england . the atrocity was committed by an unassuming seventeen -year-old stable boy named alan strang the only son of an opinionated but inwardly -timid father and a genteel religious mother . as dysart exposes the truths behind the boy 's demons he finds himself face -to-face with his own .
a jewish boy separated from his family in the early days of wwii poses as a german orphan and is thereafter taken into the heart of the nazi world as a 'war hero ' and eventually made a hitler youth . although improbabilities and happenstance are cornerstones of the film it is based upon a true story .
biography of bandleader glenn miller from his beginnings to his death over the english channel in december .
george faure is a frenchman who has been offered a job in the u .s. but in order to get the job he must obtain a work permit - green card and the easiest way is to marry an american . bronte parrish is a new yorker who is a keen horticulturist and just found the perfect flat with its own greenhouse . unfortunately the flat is for married couples only . a marriage of convenience seems the ideal solution to both problems . to convince the immigration officers they are married for love they must move in with each other . as the mismatched couple attempt to cope with life together they start to fall in love .
on a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother a scientist his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth .
when nypd detective artie lewis ' colleague and friend is shot in a police operation he and his wife rita want to adopt his three little children . but they have to realize that their income doesn 't suffice for the required larger home . so artie decides to take the money from the drug -dealing mobster benjamino .
ruthlessly murdered by her father the ghost of a seer 's daughter kills all those seven days after they watch the strange contents of a mysterious video tape unless the viewer finds the escape clause .
reiko takes yoichi into hiding when her son begins to display frightening powers . meanwhile mai takano and the authorities begin a desperate search for them as the mysterious ring curse spreads ...
the boy krishna is abandoned by his mother at the apollo circus and she tells him that he can only return home when he can afford rupees to pay for the bicycle of his brother that he had trashed . krishna is left behind by the circus and he takes a train to bombay . krishna is called chaipau by the street children of bombay and he works delivering and selling tea for chacha who owns a street bar . krishna befriends the heroin addicted chillum that sells drugs for the drug dealer and caftan baba golub and the girl manju golub who is the daughter of baba with the prostitute rekha golub . krishna dreams on saving rupees to return home but the life on the streets of bombay is not easy .
taxi dancer charity continues to have faith in the human race despite apparently endless disappointments at its hands and hope that she will finally meet the nice young man to romance her ...
the battle of the sexes and relationships among the elite of britian 's industrial midlands in the . gerald crich and rupert berkin are best friends who fall in love with a pair of sisters gudrun a sculptress and ursula brangwen a schoolteacher . rupert marries ursula gerald begins a love affair with gudrun and the foursome embarks upon a swiss honeymoon . but the relationships take markedly different directions as russell explores the nature of commitment and love . rupert and ursula learn to give themselves to each other ; the more withdrawn gerald cannot finally connect with the demanding and challenging gudrun .
jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom jerry 's especially having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . to escape their troubles and find women they book a trip on board a cruise -liner unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . and that 's the trick ; it 's a gay cruise -liner for gay men to meet and mingle . slowly but surely the two main characters begin to realize this and in turn get into a lot of humorous predicaments .
friends on a camping trip discover that the town they 're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space .
a small -town woman tries to achieve her goal of becoming a flight attendant .
unfounded suspicions lead a married couple to begin divorce proceedings whereupon they start undermining each other 's attempts to find new romance .
lena aged twenty wants to know all she can about life and reality . she collects information on everyone and everything storing her findings in an enormous archive . she experiments with relationships political activism and meditation . meanwhile the actors director and crew are shown in a humorous parallel plot about the making of the film and their reactions to the story and each other . nudity explicit sex and controversial politics kept this film from being shown in the us while its seizure by customs was appealed .
marcellus is a tribune in the time of christ . he is in charge of the group that is assigned to crucify jesus . drunk he wins jesus ' homespun robe after the crucifixion . he is tormented by nightmares and delusions after the event . hoping to find a way to live with what he has done and still not believing in jesus he returns to palestine to try and learn what he can of the man he killed .
will parker played by matthew modine loses the americas cup the worlds biggest sailing prize to the australians and decides to form his own syndicate to win it back .
a dea agent investigates the disappearance of a legendary army ranger drill sergeant and several of his cadets during a training exercise gone severely awry .
core goes to the heart of climbing . join an international cast of the sport 's most dedicated athletes as they stick it when it matters most . shot in ultra hd get ready to see every detail of some of the nastiest pieces of rock ever climbed .
when a presidential candidate dies unexpectedly in the middle of the campaign washington d .c. alderman mays gilliam is unexpectedly picked as his replacement .
an american teenager learns that her father is a wealthy british politician running for office . although she is eager to find him she realizes it could cause a scandal and cost him the election .
a lower east side teen -ager struggles to find some sanity while surrounded by an eccentric grandmother a crazy new girlfriend and a longing younger brother .
in director steve james (hoop dreams ) returned to rural southern illinois to reconnect with stevie fielding a troubled young boy he had been an 'advocate big brother ' to ten years earlier .
the shooting of "je vous presente pamela " (may i introduce pamela ) begins . this is the story of en english married wife falling in love and running away with the father of her french husband . will be simultaneously shown the shooting the behavior of the people (including the technical team ) on the set and a part of their private life (a factor of complication )...
screenwriter dixon steele faced with the odious task of scripting a trashy bestseller has hat -check girl mildred atkinson tell him the story in her own words . later that night mildred is murdered and steele is a prime suspect ; his record of belligerence when angry and his macabre sense of humor tell against him . fortunately lovely neighbor laurel gray gives him an alibi . laurel proves to be just what steele needed and their friendship ripens into love . will suspicion doubt and steele 's inner demons come between them ?
during the in the south pacific capt . ralls skipper of the red witch has a series of adventures involving sunken gold bullion pearls natives an unscrupulous ship owner and a giant octopus .
an aging gambler on a losing streak attempts to rob a casino in monte carlo . but someone 's already tipped off the cops before he even makes a move .
stuart shepard finds himself trapped in a phone booth pinned down by an extortionist 's sniper rifle .
spike spiegel is a bounty hunter in the far future with an easy going attitude and some deadly skill at martial arts . together with his partners jet black and later faye valentine as well they go from job to job across the galaxy looking for the high priced fugitives to bag .
concert performance of eddie griffin that includes behind -the-scenes documentary footage detailing the stand -up comedian 's personal life and family as he travels to a family reunion to reunite with the cast of characters who are the root of his comedy : his mother an uncle who was an ex -pimp and his uncle curtis who pontificates on his career as a porno director .
the second part of aki kaurismki 's "finland" trilogy the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . unable to remember his name or anything from his past life he cannot get a job or an apartment so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track .
mild -mannered timid businessman dave buznik works for a pet clothing company out of new york city . he 's got an abrasive boss named mr . frank head who frequently takes credit for his work and steps on him in return . he 's got a loving girlfriend linda whose best friend is her condescending college ex andrew . but when a misunderstanding aboard an airplane goes haywire dave is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist dr . buddy rydell who is an unpredictable psychopathic character . as the relationship between dave and buddy becomes more tense when the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc dave 's life and buddy might be the only one who can save him from a problem he recognizes right away in his patient that could only get worse .
in "house of corpses " two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . lost and stranded they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . murder cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the + horrors that await .
while waiting for her mothers reply to take her to the usa lilya idles the time away smoking drinking and having fun with her too outcast friend volodya . in time the chance of a new life becomes non -existent; her life is going nowhere . meeting a young man she then finds a plane ticket in her hand and a new life in sweden : a job an apartment and prospects . all is not what it seems . there shall be work there shall be housing and there shall be no escape . this is the stark frank and disturbing vision of the life of a young victim of the underground sex trade and in all its tone of realism of abject poverty despicable actions and of wanting to show that dreaming of a better life is not a crime but that life can shatter the illusion of a happy ending .
based on the very underground comic book a tibetan monk becomes a mentor to a young street kid whom he can teach to protect a scroll .
the successful and handsome wolf executive of the cosmetic industry thomas fuentes has three sexy latin girlfriends : in miami the waitress cici ; in chicago the intellectual lawyer lorena ; and in new york the "daddy's girl " patricia . when the three women decide to visit him in los angeles thomas is in a big trouble .
mockumentary captures the reunion of folk trio the folksmen as they prepare for a show at the town hall to memorialize a recently deceased concert promoter .
but if you forget to come back for madame zeroni you and your family will be cursed for always and eternity . those were the exact words spoken to young elya yelnats the day he forgot to repay madame zeroni . from then on his family was cursed with bad luck . one hundred years later stanley yelnats iv is accused of stealing a pair of cleats from a major league baseball player and sent to camp green lake (a dry lake bed in the middle of the desert ). it never rains at camp green lake it hasn 't for one hundred years . the secretive and mysterious warden has each inmate spend every day digging one hole to "build character ." but when an artifact from the famous "kissin' kate " barlow is found in a hole the warden forces the boys to work double time leading stanley to deduce they 're digging because the warden is looking for something . but what ? and how is the mystery of camp green lake connected to stanley 's family curse ?
brad gluckman (kennedy) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he 's from the "'hood." concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california brad 's wealthy father and his campaign manager (underwood) hire two trained actors (diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as "real life gangstaz " and kidnap his son dropping him off in the "real hood " in compton in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him .
documentary on the migratory patterns of birds shot over the course of three years on all seven continents .
four small -time gangsters from copenhagen trick a gangster boss : they take over kroner which they were supposed to bring him . trying to escape to barcelona they are forced to stop in the countryside in an old wrecked house hiding there for several weeks . slowly one after another they realize that they would like to stay there starting a new life renovating the house and forming it into a restaurant . but they can 't avoid being caught up by their past .
a young american and his english wife come to rural england and face increasingly vicious local harassment .
audrey ames an enterprising journalist tries to get the scoop on giant grasshoppers accidentally created at the illinois state experimental farm . she endeavors to save chicago despite a military cover -up.
when virtually all of the residents of piedmont new mexico are found dead after the return to earth of a space satellite the head of the us air force 's project scoop declares an emergency . many years prior to this incident a group of eminent scientists led by dr . jeremy stone (arthur hill ) advocated for the construction of a secure laboratory facility that would serve as a base in the event an alien biological life form was returned to earth from a space mission . stone and his team - drs . dutton leavitt and hall (david wayne kate reid and (james olson respectively )- go to the facility known as wildfire and try to first isolate the life form while determining why two people from piedmont (an old wino and a six -month-old baby ) survived . the scientists methodically study the alien life form unaware that it has already mutated and presents a far greater danger in the lab which is equipped with a nuclear self -destruct device should it manage to escape .
based on the ray bradbury novel of the same name . guy montag is a firefighter who lives in a lonely isolated society where books have been outlawed by a government fearing an independent -thinking public . it is the duty of firefighters to burn any books on sight or said collections that have been reported by informants . people in this society including montag 's wife are drugged into compliancy and get their information from wall -length television screens . after montag falls in love with book -hoarding clarisse he begins to read confiscated books . it is through this relationship that he begins to question the government 's motives behind book -burning. montag is soon found out and he must decide whether to return to his job or run away knowing full well the consequences that he could face if captured .
first -time filmmaker and award -winning photographer sam jones documents the recording of wilco 's album "yankee hotel foxtrot ."
a new york district attorney works and flirts with his adversary and her kooky artist client who is on trial for a murder she didn 't commit .
a wise -cracking husband and wife team of ex -spies arrive in new orleans on maternity leave with their baby girl . there they are hassled by muggers the police and their fbi boss who wants them to do just -one-more job .
molly is a high school track coach who knows just as much about football as anyone else on the planet . when the football coach 's position becomes vacant she applies for the job despite expecting sniggers from fellow staff members and her former husband .
rich playboy charley pearl meets vicki anderson singer at a nightclub in las vegas . but she 's a gangster 's-moll bugsy siegel 's and when he finds the two of them in bed he forces them to ...
jake vig leads a small los angeles based team of grifters each member who has his specific role in each con : jake is the main man miles the adversary big al the scared innocent bystander and gordo the dead shooting victim . he also has in his pockets crooked lapd detectives lloyd whitworth and omar manzano who basically play themselves as needed . beyond getting the money the basic goal of each con is to ensure the mark is so scared by what has happened - usually being an accomplice in a "murder" - that he won 't come back looking for the money . jake learns the hard way that their latest mark louis dolby who they fleeced for was carrying money for a criminal named king who takes a no prisoners approach in getting even he who knows who stole his money . instead of returning the to king money which he no longer has anyway jake convinces king to parlay that money and a bit more into a bigger con against a mark of king 's choice that person being banker morgan price a second generation mobster . the total take for this con is to be million . beyond co -opting a couple of inside people for this con king wants one of his own men inserted - lupus - and jake also enlists the work of a female pickpocket he recently ran across named lily to who he is attracted . during the process a small wrinkle occurs when they learn that special agent gunther butan with the us customs agency an old adversary of jake 's is currently after him which means they either have to call off the international mission or watch more carefully their movements with jake not to be the one to carry any money across the border . but with a group of con artists working for the first time with new players a question becomes are there any inside cons at play especially in this case where jake has more of a personal stake than usual .
malcolm rivers has been convicted as the perpetrator of several murders and is sentenced to death . an eleventh hour defense by his lawyers and psychiatrist that malcolm is insane based on new evidence has resulted in them meeting with the prosecutors and the judge to discuss if the verdict should be overturned . meanwhile on a dark night during a torrential rainstorm in the nevada desert a series of chain reaction events results in several people needing to stay at an out of the way motel managed by larry . they are : ex -cop now limo driver ed and his client caroline a diva of a once famous actress ; quiet adolescent timmy his stepfather george and his mother alice who was seriously injured when ed accidentally ran over her as she watched george change their flat tire ; prostitute paris who was the unwitting cause of george 's flat tire ; newlyweds lou and ginny whose marriage is based on a lie ; and police officer rhodes who was en route escorting prisoner robert to his new institution . they all can 't leave the area because of washed out roads all the other businesses around the motel are closed because of the storm and all communication in and out is not functioning also because of the storm . one by one they are murdered the murderer leaving a calling card of a motel room key starting with the room key and working his way presumably to the room key when the last person will be dead . those still alive band somewhat together under officer rhodes and ed 's direction to find out which of the eleven is the murderer and if based on one of their theories that they were brought to the motel by some force by the murderer as his intended targets . whether those still alive can discover who the murderer is discover why he has chosen to kill them and be able to subdue him may well determine malcolm 's fate .
a documentary examining the decade of the as a turning point in american cinema . some of today 's best filmmakers interview the influential directors of that time .
lyle jensen is subject to sudden and violent outbursts and he is committed to the juvenile wing of the northwood mental institution . several other youths are there with a variety of serious problems . lyle interacts with other patients and staff on a human and sometimes not so human level . the psychological problems of the patients also forms the fabric by which we see what 's right with them and what 's wrong with the society that affects them .
the head of the green manors mental asylum dr . murchison is retiring to be replaced by dr . edwardes a famous psychiatrist . edwardes arrives and is immediately attracted to the beautiful but cold dr . constance petersen . however it soon becomes apparent that dr . edwardes is in fact a paranoid amnesiac impostor . he goes on the run with constance who tries to help his condition and solve the mystery of what happened to the real dr . edwardes .
lizzie mcguire has graduated from middle school and takes a trip to rome italy with her class . and what was supposed to be only a normal trip becomes a teenager 's dream come true .
f /x man rollie tyler (bryan brown ) is now a toy maker . mike brandon (tom mason ) the ex -husband of rolly 's girlfriend kim (rachel ticotin ) is a cop . he asks rollie to help catch a killer . ...
a police detective in a south american country is dedicated to hunting down a revolutionary guerilla leader .
dan mahowny was a rising star at the canadian imperial bank of commerce . at twenty -four he was assistant manager of a major branch in the heart of toronto 's financial district . to his colleagues he was a workaholic . to his customers he was astute decisive and helpful . to his friends he was a quiet but humorous man who enjoyed watching sports on television . to his girlfriend he was shy but engaging . none of them knew the other side of dan mahowny --the side that executed the largest single -handed bank fraud in canadian history grossing over million in eighteen months to feed his gambling obsession .
in the comedy daddy day care two fathers lose their jobs in product development at a large food company and are forced to take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy and become stay -at-home fathers . with no job possibilities on the horizon the two dads open their own day care facility "daddy day care " and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . as "daddy day care " starts to catch on it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy 's tough -as-nails director ... who has driven all previous competitors out of business .
a teacher and a gangster meet by chance in a small town pharmacy . as a friendship of sorts develops between these opposite personalities each starts to envy the other and by the week 's end everything will change for both of them .
quiet unassuming adam is changing in a major way thanks to his new girlfriend art student evelyn . adam 's friends are a little freaked by the transformation .
four friends embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend .
thirty -year-old hlynur still lives with his mother and spends his days drinking watching porn and surfing the net while living off unemployment checks . a girl is interested in him but he ...
hopefuls try out before a demanding director for a part in a new musical .
a developer tries to bulldoze a community recreation center . the local breakdancers try to stop it .
a struggling young jazz dancer meets up with two break -dancers. together they become the sensation of the street crowds .
a comedy about the experiences of a group of girls in their early .
after a long career as a lawman that made him a legend wyatt earp decides to quit and join his brothers in tombstone arizona . there he would see them in a feud with the clantons a local clan of thugs and cattle thieves . when the showdown becomes inevitable the help will come from doc holliday a terminally -ill gambler who happens to be another wild west legend .
c .k. dexter -haven a successful popular jazz musician lives in a mansion near his ex -wife's tracy lord 's family estate . she is on the verge of marrying a man blander and safer than dex ...
fred and lilly are a divorced pair of actors who are brought together by cole porter who has written a musical version of the taming of the shrew . of course the couple seem to act a great deal like the characters they play . a fight on the opening night threatens the production as well as two thugs who have the mistaken idea that fred owes their boss money and insist on staying next to him all night .
neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have hours until probes discover zion and destroy it and its inhabitants . during this neo must decide how he can save trinity from a dark fate in his dreams .
aaaah ... it 's new york city in and love is blooming between a journalist and a feminist advice author who 's falling head over heels despite her beau 's playboy lifestyle .
this documentary about the culture of intense cinephilia in new york city reveals the impassioned world of five obsessed movie buffs . the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . interviews in movie houses on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . many cannot hold a job or choose not to . all of them have demoted the importance of the real world giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day and from to films per year . many have no physical sex lives living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . in cinemania hollywood 's biggest fans become the true stars . this is the story of their lives their memories their unbending habits and the films they love .
a gay couple are hit men for the mafia .
bruce nolan a television reporter in buffalo n .y. is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend grace . at the end of the worst day of his life bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . god appears in human form and endowing bruce with divine powers challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better .
do we ever get what we want ? brian sells mattresses in a warehouse store . his father and older brothers have material success ; he wants a child . he 's applied to adopt a baby from china . a man who appears homeless seems to be stalking brian with violent intent . he meets happy the daughter of a rich quirky customer . she doesn 't stick to anything but she and brian hit it off except for her vomiting when she learns about his adoption idea . he wants her to meet his family and there 's a call about the adoption . what will happy do ?
after his son is captured in the great barrier reef and taken to sydney a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home .
led by john bridger (donald sutherland ) and charlie croker (mark wahlberg ) a team is assembled for one last heist to steal million in gold bars from a heavily guarded safe in venice italy . after successfully pulling off the heist a team member steve (edward norton ) driven by greed and jealousy arranges to take the gold for himself and eliminate the remaining members of the group . thinking the team dead he returns to l .a. with the gold . charlie and the survivors of this betrayal follow steve l .a. to exact revenge against the traitor . charlie enlists the help of john bridger 's daughter stella (charlize theron ) - a professional safe cracker to get revenge . with stella and the hacking skills of lyle (seth green ) the explosives skills of "left ear " (yasiin bey ) and the driving skills of "handsome" rob (jason statham ) this new team plans and executes a daring heist that weaves through the freeways and subways of l .a.
chris flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city . however an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and chris looks for an alternative route through the mountains of west virginia to accomplish his schedule . due to a lack of attention he crashes another car parked in the middle of the road with flat tires . chris meets a group of five friends who intended to camp in the forest and they decide to leave the couple francine and evan on the place while chris jessie carly and her fianc scott tries to find some help . they find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of monsters live . the two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them .
in the late 's the friedmans - father and respected computer and music teacher arnold friedman mother and housewife elaine friedman and their three grown sons david friedman seth friedman and jesse friedman - of great neck long island are seemingly your typical middle class american family . they all admit that the marriage was by no means close to being harmonious - arnold and elaine eventually got divorced - but the sons talk of their father while also not being always there for them as being a good man . this faade of respectability masks the fact that arnold was buying and distributing child pornography . following a sting operation to confirm this fact the authorities began to investigate arnold for sexual abuse of the minor -aged male students of his computer classes which he held in the basement of the family home . based on interviews with the students not only was arnold charged with and ultimately convicted of multiple counts of sodomy and sexual abuse of these boys but so was eighteen year old jesse who was mentioned by many as the aggressor of the two in the acts . arnold admitted that he is a pedophile but that he did not abuse the boys in his class as charged and convicted . the trial process brought out the dysfunction that previously existed within the family . but the issue of arnold and jesse 's guilt of these acts is hotly debated among the family among the authorities among the media and among the students of the computer classes .
former cop brian o 'conner is called upon to bust a dangerous criminal and he recruits the help of a former childhood friend and street racer who has a chance to redeem himself .
the story of a petty thief who meets an innocent young woman and brings her into his world of crime while she teaches him the lessons of enjoying life and being loved .
a contemporary story of love rejection and triumph as a young maori girl fights to fulfill a destiny her grandfather refuses to recognize .
a naive half -indian half -white teenager evolves into a hardened killer as he tracks down his parents ' murderers .
once a thief is an action /comedy/romance movie involving the plight of three master thieves (in the mode of pink panther ). all three were raised by the same father and in fact were most certainly street orphans . the story begins with a successful art heist followed by a pledge to make this the last crime ever for the trio . the plot revolves around the theft of a mysterious "cursed" painting and how its obsession affects the family .
a musical remake of ninotchka : after three bumbling soviet agents fail in their mission to retrieve a straying soviet composer from paris the beautiful ultra -serious ninotchka is sent to ...
crazies is a sci -fi horror that is a whole minute fight scene about possessed people that stop at nothing to kill . two rookie cops make contact with one and have a violent brawl with one ...
oscar -winning documentary that documents a murder trial in which a -year-old african -american is wrongfully accused of a murder in jacksonville florida .
during a day in their honeymoon a couple is separated by the city 's lust and the desires it produces .
young jim hawkins is the only one who can sucessfully get a schooner to a legendary island known for buried treasure . but aboard the ship is a mysterious cook named john silver whose true motivation on the journey challenges jim 's trust in the entire crew .
car wash is about a close -knit group of employees who one day have all manner of strange visitors coming onto their forecourt including richard pryor as a preaching 'wonder-man' who is loved by most but loathed by one and a man who looks like a thief by the way he is holding his bottle but it is really his urine sample as he is off to the hospital . t .c's love life takes a turn for the better and the songs keep coming .
kent the unscrupulous boss of bottleneck has sheriff keogh killed when he asks one too many questions about a rigged poker game that gives kent a stranglehold over the local cattle rangers . the mayor who is in cahoots with kent appoints the town drunk washington dimsdale as the new sheriff assuming that he 'll be easy to control . but what the mayor doesn 't know is that dimsdale was a deputy under famous lawman tom destry and is able to call upon the equally formidable tom destry jr to be his deputy . featuring a career reviving performance from marlene dietrich as bar singer frenchie which could well have been the inspiration for madeline kahn 's "blazing saddles " character lili von schtupp .
sonny steele used to be a rodeo star but his next appearance is to be on a las vegas stage wearing a suit covered in lights advertising a breakfast cereal . when he finds out they are going drug the horse in case its too frisky he rides off into the desert ...
mouser jaune tom and house cat mewsette are living in the french countryside but mewsette wants to experience the refinement and excitement of the paris living . but upon arrival she falls into the clutches of meowrice . jaune tom and his friend robespierre set off to paris to find her .
cinecitta the huge movie studio outside rome is years old and fellini is interviewed by a japanese tv crew about the films he has made there over the years as he begins production on ...
when singapore surrendered to the japanese in the allied pows mostly british but including a few americans were incarcerated in changi prison . this was a pow detention center like no other . there were no walls or barbed -wire fences for the simple reason that there was no place for the prisoners to escape to . included among the prisoners is the american cpl . king a wheeler dealer who has managed to established a pretty good life for himself in the camp . while most of the prisoners are near starvation and have uniforms that are in tatters king eats well and and has crisp clean clothes to wear every day . his nemesis is lt . robin grey the camp provost who attempts to keep good order and discipline . he knows that king is breaking camp rules by bartering with the japanese but can 't quite get the evidence he needs to stop him . king soon forms a friendship with lt . peter marlowe an upper class british officer who is fascinated with king 's lan and no rules approach to life . as the story develops it reveals the hypocrisy of the british class system and for king the fact that his position in changi 's "society" is tenuous as best .
set during world war ii an upper -class family begins to fall apart due to the conservative nature of the patriarch and the progressive values of his children .
in shenandoah virginia widower farmer charlie anderson lives a peaceful life with his six sons - jacob james nathan john henry and boy his daughter jennie and his daughter -in-law ...
honest and straightforward small -town shirlee kenyon chucks her boyfriend and heads for chicago . accidentally having to host a radio problem phone -in show it is clear she is a natural and is hired on the spot . but the station insists she call herself doctor and as her popularity grows a local reporter starts digging for the truth . problem is the more he is around her the more he fancies her .
a gangster attempts to keep the promise he made to his dying father : that he would give up his life of crime and "go straight ".
in jeff webster sees the start of the klondike gold rush as a golden opportunity to make a fortune in beef ...and woe betide anyone standing in his way ! he drives a cattle herd from wyoming to seattle by ship to skagway and (after a delay caused by larcenous town boss gannon ) through the mountains to dawson . there he and his partner ben tatum get into the gold business themselves . two lovely women fall for misanthropic jeff but he believes in every -man-for-himself turning his back on growing lawlessness ...until it finally strikes home .
set in mexico a nun called sara is rescued from three cowboys by hogan who is on his way to do some reconnaissance for a future mission to capture a french fort . the french are chasing sara but not for the reasons she tells hogan so he decides to help her in return for information about the fort defences . inevitably the two become good friends but sara has a secret ..
the journey of a prized rifle from one ill -fated owner to another parallels a cowboy 's search for a murderous fugitive .
in a group of young men join the marines leaving loved ones behind . primed for battle they are frustrated by many non -combat assignments as we follow their wartime romances especially andy hookens ' involvement with pat a new zealand widow . andy and pat have just decided that war requires them to 'live for the moment ' when in our team finally goes into a real battle ...
a single dad takes a "best friend " approach to raising his son who acts as part -time matchmaker for his dad .
in a son and mother flee the east and an abusive boyfriend to find a new life and end up in seattle where the mother meets a polite garage mechanic . the boy continually gets into trouble by hanging out with the wrong crowd . the mom marries the mechanic but they soon find out that he 's an abusive and unreasoning alcoholic and they struggle to maintain hope in an impossible situation as the boy grows up with plans to escape the small town by any means possible . based on a true story by tobias wolff .
in new york intellectual playwright barton fink comes to hollywood to write a wallace beery wrestling picture . staying in the eerie hotel earle barton develops severe writer 's block . his neighbor jovial insurance salesman charlie meadows tries to help but barton continues to struggle as a bizarre sequence of events distracts him even further from his task .
texas ranger jake cutter arrests gambler paul regret but soon finds himself teamed with his prisoner in an undercover effort to defeat a band of renegade arms merchants and thieves known as comancheros .
in apache territory a supply army column heads for the next fort an ex -scout searches for the killer of his indian wife and a housewife abandons her husband in order to re -join her apache lover 's tribe .
a group of air crash survivors are stranded in the mongolian desert with no chance of rescue . facing a brutal environment dwindling resources and an attack by desert smugglers they realize their only hope is doing the impossible ... building a new plane from the wreckage of the old one .
alfred eaton an ambitious young executive climbs to the top of new york 's financial world as his marriage crumbles . at the brink of attaining his career goals he is forced to choose between business success married to the beautiful but unfaithful mary and starting over with his true love the much younger natalie .
a dark comedy about suffering artists . creatively inclined but hopelessly bored an aspiring artist discovers that being miserable makes her productive and quickly seeks increasingly dramatic ways to make herself unhappy .
tells the story of a young woman 's relentless search for her fianc who has disappeared from the trenches of the somme during world war one .
a lawyer defends her father accused of war crimes but there is more to the case than she suspects .
the story of a murder trial where a mexican boy is accused of the death of a caucasian girl . the two -faced attorney (arthur kennedy ) who takes the boy 's case is only interested in defending him so he can exploit his communist -backed organization for their own underhanded purposes . he and his organization bring in an idealistic law professor (glenn ford ) who agrees to represent the boy in court .
the town of big whisky is full of normal people trying to lead quiet lives . cowboys try to make a living . sheriff 'little bill ' tries to build a house and keep a heavy -handed order . the town whores just try to get by .then a couple of cowboys cut up a whore . dissatisfied with bill 's justice the prostitutes put a bounty on the cowboys . the bounty attracts a young gun billing himself as 'the schofield kid ' and aging killer william munny . munny reformed for his young wife and has been raising crops and two children in peace . but his wife is gone . farm life is hard . and munny is no good at it . so he calls his old partner ned saddles his ornery nag and rides off to kill one more time blurring the lines between heroism and villainy man and myth .
dexter reed a high -schooler is forced to get a summer job at a fast food restaurant called good burger after causing a car wreck by his school teacher mr . wheat . so dexter must pay off his teacher 's car by working very hard at good burger . meanwhile things turned worse when mondo burger a mammoth fast -food chain opens across the street it looks like good burger is soon going to be history for good ! now it is up to dexter and his new friend ed the not -so bright cashier to save the day as they develop a delicious special secret sauce that ed created brings hundreds of new customers to their door and makes their new competition desperate to steal the recipe and all of their customers .
queen elizabeth i travels to late twentieth -century britain to discover a tawdry and depressing landscape where life mostly seems aimless and is anyway held cheap . three post -punk girls while away their vacuous existence as best they can from time -to-time straying into murder to relieve the boredom .
an indian family is expelled from uganda when idi amin takes power . they move to mississippi and time passes . the indian daughter falls in love with a black man and the respective families have to come to terms with it .
jenny lamour wants to succeed in music hall . her husband and accompanist is maurice martineau a nice but jealous guy . when he knew jenny is making eyes at brignon an old businessman in ...
detective emily eden is a tough new york city cop forced to go undercover to solve a puzzling murder . her search for the truth takes her into a secret world of unwritten law and unspoken ...
as one of the founders of the town of lincoln john chisum is increasingly worried as lawrence murphy moves in on the local stores bank and land by questionable means . chisum and fellow honest ranch owner henry tunstall try and use the law but murphy owns that too . confrontation threatens and tunstall 's man billy bonney is not slow to get involved .
dr . lauren slaughter a research fellow at the arab -anglo institute in london is utterly frustrated by her job . to supplement her income she starts moonlighting at the jasmine escort service where she has more control over men and money than she does at the office . on one of her 'dates' lauren meets the politician lord bulbeck who is trying to mediate a peace accord between the arabs and israelis . bulbeck falls in love with his escort and unwittingly lauren becomes a pawn in some very dirty politics .
a young truck driver from a small nameless russian town sets off on a spiritual journey that has no actual purpose and no verifiable destination encountering lonely women and small time crooks along the way .
in chicago neil randall - family man and executive of an advertisement agency - has a perfect life . he expects to be promoted in his job soon he has a beautiful and sexy wife abby a lovely daughter sophie and he lives in a wonderful house . when neil 's boss karl granger invites him to spend the weekend in his country cottage abby hires a nanny for sophie so abby can spend the day with her sister diane . while driving abby to meet diane a stranger who was hidden on the backseat appears with a gun and informs them that he has kidnapped sophie . he introduces himself as ryan and states that for twenty -four hours the couple will obey his orders otherwise he will kill sophie . by keeping the couple under his total control he makes it clear that he is a calculating sociopath with nothing to lose and the intention of destroying neil 's perfect life .
in france bernadette an adolescent peasant girl has a vision of "a beautiful lady " in the city dump . she never claims it to be anything other than this but the townspeople all assume it to be the virgin mary . the pompous government officials think she is nuts and do their best to suppress the girl and her followers and the church wants nothing to do with the whole matter . but as bernadette attracts wider and wider attention the phenomenon overtakes everyone in the the town and transforms their lives .
in new york city millie dillmount and miss dorothy brown are just two of the girls living at the priscilla hotel for single young ladies run by mrs . meers . orphaned miss dorothy just recently arrived is a naive old -fashioned girl from a seemingly privileged background who has aspirations to be a stage actress . from more modest means millie in new york for three months used to be old fashioned but now has a new modern sensibility and look to match complete with bobbed hair and dresses with hemlines above the knee . included in this new modern sensibility is millie 's goal of getting a job as a stenographer with a quick promotion to being her wealthy boss ' "mrs.". love is not to factor into the equation . she believes she 's found the right employer in the form of chisel -jawed trevor graydon of the sincere trust insurance company . millie 's pursuit of mr . graydon is despite the fact that mr . graydon sees her as one of the boys he has old fashioned sensibilities and millie herself has a mutual attraction to another boy named jimmy smith . although she likes jimmy millie feels that jimmy as a paper clip salesman with an overwhelming happy -go-lucky attitude is not driven enough to be husband material . that doesn 't stop jimmy 's pursuit of millie . in her association with jimmy millie meets flamboyant wealthy renaissance woman muzzy van hossmere . jimmy 's father once worked as muzzy 's gardener . originally from humble means much like millie muzzy tries to convince millie that true love will lead to happiness as that is what happened when she met the now deceased mr . van hossmere who she had no idea was rich . in other goings -on among this new circle of friends miss dorothy leaves new york without a word to anyone except mrs . meers . thinking this situation rather odd millie connects miss dorothy 's leaving with that of other girls previously living at the priscilla hotel . with mr . graydon 's help jimmy and millie try to find out what happened to miss dorothy .
it 's the and it 's the moment that lloyd christmas and harry dunne meet . the two individuals are seen by many as 'special' and become best friends as soon as they meet . principal collins and his lover the lunch lady ms . heller want to make as much money out of scams and their next idea is to create a special needs class . ms . heller is the teacher and they have assigned harry and lloyd to round the special students up . school news reporter jessica is suspicious though and desperately tries to find out the truth even if it means gaining harry and lloyd 's help .
when not solving murders in tinseltown detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate (poorly) and calden aspires to become an actor (brando namely ). assigned to the vicious in -club slaying of a promising young rap act the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions .
a lone survivor from a british naval ship is obsessed with getting revenge on a german u -boat crew that massacred his shipmates in the water .
animal activists invade a laboratory with the intention of releasing chimpanzees that are undergoing experimentation infected by a virus -a virus that causes rage . the naive activists ignore the pleas of a scientist to keep the cages locked with disastrous results . twenty -eight days later our protagonist jim wakes up from a coma alone in an abandoned hospital . he begins to seek out anyone else to find london is deserted apparently without a living soul . after finding a church which had become inhabited by zombie like humans intent on his demise he runs for his life . selena and mark rescue him from the horde and bring him up to date on the mass carnage and horror as all of london tore itself apart . this is a tale of survival and ultimately heroics with nice subtext about mankind 's savage nature .
three women detectives with a mysterious boss retrieve stolen voice -id software using martial arts tech skills and sex appeal .
two very different hitmen find themselves to be in each other 's way . they use all their skill to solve the problem .
in a brash new pro boxer fresh from his olympic gold medal victory explodes on to the scene cassius clay . bold and outspoken he cuts an entirely new image for african americans in sport with his proud public self confidence with his unapologetic belief that he is the greatest boxer of all time . to his credit he sets out to prove that with his highly agile and forceful style soon making him a formidable boxer who soon claims the heavyweight championship . his personal life is no less noteworthy with his allegiance to the nation of islam his friendship with the controversial malcolm x and his abandonment of his slave name in favour of muhammad ali stirring up controversy . yet at the top of his game both ali 's personal and professional lives face the ultimate test with the military draft rules are changed making him eligible for military induction during the vietnam war . despite the fact that he could easily agree to a sweetheart deal that would have meant an easy tour of duty for himself ali refuses to submit on principle to cooperate in an unjust war for a racist nation that treated his people so poorly . the cost of that stand is high as he finds himself unable to legally box in his own country while his case is contested in court . what follows is a battle for a man who would sacrifice so much for what he believes in and a comeback that would cement his legend as one of the great sports figures of all time .
young lawyer meets and marries girl after knowing her one day . takes bride home to meet his mother who disapproves of the marriage . lawyer thinks everything will be fine as he moves up the ladder of the law firm . he doesn 't and things get tough . a baby makes things even tougher .
med student lewis moffitt harbours a secret fear of the dark stemming from a traumatic childhood incident involving a corpse . nonetheless he pretends to be unaffected during the first autopsy witnessed by his class and generally affects an attitude of fearlessness . this however inspires his would -be frat brothers to conceive a particularly morbid initiation ritual -- one which will inevitably go horribly awry .
joan is the secretary to the public defender in a large city . she is in love with a career criminal named eddie and she believes that he is a basically good person who just had some tough breaks . she uses her influence to get him released early and he tries to go straight after marrying her but things don 't work out and they both go on the lam .
the daughter of the last russian tsar nicolas ii anastasia is found by two russian con men dimitri and vladimir who seek the reward that her grandmother the dowager empress marie promised to the ones who 'll find her . but the evil mystic of the tsar family rasputin still wants the romanov family to be destroyed forever .
during the air war over vietnam a us navy a intruder tactical bomber pilot schemes with a hardened veteran to make an unauthorized air strike on hanoi .
in rocky marciano produced a syndicated television series titled : main event . each show would include a guest that marciano would interview along with showing clips of past boxing matches .
roger willoughby is considered to be a leading expert on sports fishing . he 's written books on the subject and is loved by his customers in the sporting goods department at abercrombie and ...
a high -class call girl accused of murder fights for the right to stand trial rather than be declared mentally incompetent .
andre -louis moreau is a nobleman 's bastard in the days of the french revolution . noel the marquis de mayne a nobleman in love with the queen is ordered to seek the hand of a young ingenue aline in marriage . andre also meets aline and forms an interest in her . but when the marquis kills his best friend andre declares himself the marquis 's enemy and vows to avenge his friend . he hides out a wanted man as an actor in a commedia troupe and spends his days learning how to handle a sword . when de maynes becomes a spadassinicide challenging opposing national assembly members to duels they have no hope of winning andre becomes a politician to protect the third estate (and hopefully ventilate de maynes ).
an account of the adventures of two sets of identical twins badly scrambled at birth on the eve of the french revolution . one set is haughty and aristocratic the other poor and somewhat dim . they find themselves involved in palace intrigues as history happens around them . based very loosely on dickens 's _a tale of two cities_ dumas 's _the corsican brothers_ etc .
when a recently out -of-work finance executive negotiates renting the back room of an elderly couple 's house his true colors come out - the same traits that led to the global recession .
an animated short film about huuhaa who lives on his island floating in the emptiness . huuhaa is childlike and lives only in the moment always curious about his environment . this morning he accidentally sets off a surprising chain of events . what 's up ? is a story in which everything from the music to the animation and from the colors to the protagonist 's feelings completes a small funny journey . whether there 's more to it is in the eyes of the beholder .
bruce banner a brilliant scientist with a cloudy past about his family is involved in an accident in his laboratory causing him to become exposed to gamma radiation and nanomeds (a tiny life -form that is supposed to heal wounds but has killed everything with which they have made contact ). confused and curious about his survival banner discovers that since the accident whenever he becomes angry he transforms into a giant green monster destroying everything in sight in an act of fury . bruce 's mysterious past and the answer to why the radiation had this effect becomes revealed to him as his birth father david banner intervenes with hopes to continue experimenting on him .
sassy postgrad elle woods is all about animal rights . in fact she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d .c. to get an anti -animal testing bill passed . her building 's doorman quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation 's capital .
a persian prisoner sets out to find his dead brother with help from his misfit group .
more than years after 'terminator ' john connor now exists only as a drifter - living 'off the grid ' so no more terminators from the future can hunt him down . unfortunately skynet does send another one back - and this one is called the t -x even more powerful & advanced than the dreaded t however another csm terminator is also sent back to protect john against the t -x. now skynet is patiently assuming control of civilian computer systems under the guise of a computer virus . john has also met his future wife kate brewster whose father - a u .s. air force general - is in charge of the military computer systems & is leery of up linking skynet . however when the skynet virus infects the u .s military computers & leaves the country open to attack the machines begin their horrific takeover . soon a nuclear war will result - and the war against the machines will begin . can the outdated csm terminator eliminate the highly advanced t -x - or will a darker future await man following the nuclear attack ?
sarah morton is a famous british mystery author . tired of london and seeking inspiration for her new novel she accepts an offer from her publisher john bosload to stay at his home in luberon in the south of france . it is the off -season and sarah finds that the beautiful country locale and unhurried pace is just the tonic for her --until late one night when john 's indolent and insouciant french daughter julie unexpectedly arrives . sarah 's prim and steely english reserve is jarred by julie 's reckless sexually charged lifestyle . their interactions set off an increasingly unsettling series of events as sarah 's creative process and a possible real -life murder begin to blend dangerously together .
i don 't know but keira knightley is a narrator and she is awesome .
renowned adventurer allan quatermain leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as "the fantom ." this "league" comprises seafarer /inventor captain nemo vampiress mina harker an invisible man named rodney skinner american secret service agent tom sawyer the ageless and invincible dorian gray and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll /mr. hyde .
in a near -empty northfork orphanage father harlan gently tends to irwin an eight -year-old who lies between a dream state and death . as orphanage caretaker harlan reads aloud about northfork 's years -ago forced evacuation to make way for a hydro -electric dam irwin 's imagination takes flight . while a team of six men evacuate the last remaining citizens of the town irwin too invents a cast of characters to prepare himself for his own evacuation . (the above states the caretaker - who is actually the priest - is reading about a years -ago evacuation . in the movie the evacuation is taking place as the boy lays dying !)
two loose -cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of ecstasy into florida .
rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single -handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot .
an illegal nigerian immigrant discovers the unpalatable side of london life .
misfits form their own opposing team to an elite peewee football team coached by the elite team coach 's brother .
an impoverished backward nation declares a war on the united states of america hoping to lose but things don 't go according to plan .
clay spencer is a hard -working man who loves his wife and large family . he is respected by his neighbors and always ready to give them a helping hand . although not a churchgoer he even ...
intrepid british archaeologist lara croft has made perhaps the most important archaeological discovery in history : an orb that leads to the mythical pandora 's box . unfortunately the orb falls into the hands of jonathan reiss an evil scientist who deals in killer viruses and hopes to sell the secrets of the box as the ultimate weapon . recruited by british intelligence to get the orb back from reiss lara recruits terry sheridan a british marine turned mercenary (and her former love interest ) to help . the two embark on an adventure that spans continents in an attempt to regain the orb ...
true story of the undersized depression -era racehorse whose victories lifted not only the spirits of the team behind it but also those of their nation .
under -age agents juni and carmen cortez set out on their newest most mind -blowing mission yet : journeying inside the virtual reality world of a -d video game designed to outsmart them as the awe -inspiring graphics and creatures of gaming come to real life . relying on humor gadgetry bravery family bonds and lightning -quick reflexes the spy kids must battle through tougher and tougher levels of the game facing challenges that include racing against road warriors and surfing on boiling lava in order to save the world from a power hungry villain .
after a series of broadway flops songwriter bert hanley (dixon) goes to work at a musical camp for young performers . inspired by the kids he finds an opportunity to regain success by staging an altogether new production .
: men without jobs in the port city of vigo . six men worked in a shipyard now shuttered . they pass the time at la naval a bar opened by one of them after the yard closed . they face their futures in makeshift ways : rico has his bar and a sharp -year-old daughter reina has become a watchman and a moralizer lino fills out job applications amador drinks heavily and talks of his wife 's return ; jos is married to ana who works at a cannery and tires of being the breadwinner amidst jos 's emasculated moodiness ; santa the group 's conscience and troublemaker occasionally fantasizes about australia . in truth all are joined like siamese twins adrift .
a criminal pleads insanity after getting into trouble again and once in the mental institution rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients .
an officially "dead" cop is trained to become an extraordinarily unique assassin in service of the us president .
an animated short film about huuhaa who lives on his island floating in the emptiness . huuhaa is childlike and lives only in the moment always curious about his environment . this morning he accidentally sets off a surprising chain of events . what 's up ? is a story in which everything from the music to the animation and from the colors to the protagonist 's feelings completes a small funny journey . whether there 's more to it is in the eyes of the beholder .
an ex con teams up with federal agents to help them with breaking up a moonshine ring .
jim levenstein has finally found the courage to ask his girlfriend michelle flaherty to marry him . she agrees to get married but the problems don 't stop there for jim . now along with paul finch and kevin myers jim must plan the wedding . unfortunately steve stifler is in town and won 't let the wedding go past without having some fun himself which includes setting up a secret bachelor party .
gigli a lowly and inept hitman is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap an intellectually disabled brother of a california district attorney . gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment . ricki a "lesbian assassin " is sent to oversee gigli 's job and make sure he doesn 't screw it up . comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love .
a thoroughly mind -provoking film about young women who under tragic circumstances see themselves cast away to a magdalene asylum for young women in . one of many like institutions the asylums are run like prisons and young girls are forced to do workhouse laundry and hard labor . the asylum one of many that existed in theocratic catholic ireland is for supposedly 'fallen' women . here young girls are imprisoned indefinitely and endure agonizing punishments and a long harsh working system which leaves them physically drained and mentally damaged . as the girls bond together it soon becomes clear that the only way out of the magdalene convent is to escape but with twisted sister bridget running the wing any chances seem limited ...
the movie centers on a dentist who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality .
the wide generation gap between tess coleman and her teenage daughter anna is more than evident . they simply cannot understand each other 's preferences . on a thursday night they have a big argument in a chinese restaurant . both receive a fortune cookie each from the restaurant owner 's mother which causes them to switch bodies next day . as they adjust with their new personalities they begin to understand each other more and eventually it 's the mutual self -respect that sorts the things out .
based off of a one time t .v. show two los angeles s .w.a.t. officers jim street and brian gamble were sent in to foil an extremely violent bank robbery . although they thwarted the robbery they shot a hostage in the process . street was suspended from s .w.a.t. while gamble was fired altogether . after months a veteran s .w.a.t. officer daniel harrelson or "hondo" is told to assemble a s .w.a.t. team for his division . he chooses other s .w.a.t. officers as well as rookies . however after they pass the s .w.a.t. training they receive a message that a french crime boss known as alex montell is trying to escape from prison . this will not be easy to prevent especially after montell promises million to his rescuers .
a couple goes through a long drawn -out divorce .
surfers and secret spots from around the world are profiled in this documentary .
a pimp with no other means to provide for himself finds his life spiraling out of control when his prostitute is sent to prison .
a documentary on the making of a big budget bible picture . this is a spoof that shows the inside action on a film set where everything that could possibly go wrong goes wrong .
one morning a young man wakes to find that a small disgusting creature has attached itself to the base of his brain stem . the creature gives him a euphoric state of happiness but demands human victims in return .
the life of jesus christ according to the gospel of matthew . pasolini shows christ as a marxist avant -la-lettre and therefore uses half of the text of matthew .
a elderly man and his dog struggle to survive on his government pension in rome .
this documentary by joe berlinger and bruce sinofsky details the murder trial of delbert ward . delbert was a member of a family of four elderly brothers working as semi -literate farmers and living together in isolation from the rest of society until william 's death . a police investigation and medical examiner 's autopsy suggested that bill may not have died from natural causes and delbert was arrested on charges of second -degree murder . under questioning by police delbert appears to have waived his rights and signed a confession but this film suggests that he may not have been competent to do so . the film explores possible motives for the crime from 'mercy-killing' (bill was ill at the time ) to progressively more bizarre hypotheses . it also shows how residents of the rural community of munnsville ny rallied to the support of one of their own residents (previously considered a social outcast ) against what they felt were intrusive 'big-city' police and district attorney tactics .
dr jake terrell who has been training a pair of dolphins for many years has had a breakthrough . he has taught his dolphins to speak and understand english although they do have a limited vocabulary . when the dolphins are stolen he discovers they 're to be used in an assassination attempt . now he is in a race to discover who is the target and where the dolphins are before the attempt is carried out .
it 's been nearly ten years since freddy krueger terrorized people in the dreams and the towns folk want to keep him erased from their memory . freddy still has one more plan on getting back to elm street . he resurrects jason voorhees and sends him off to kill . the more bodies which fall to the ground the stronger in which freddy becomes . this is until freddy realizes that jason isn 't going to step aside easily and must be taken down himself .
boss spearman charley waite mose harrison and button freegraze their cattle across the vast prairies of the west sharing a friendship forged by a steadfast code of honor and living a life unencumbered by civilization . when their wayward herd forces them near the small town of harmonville the cowboys encounter a corrupt sheriff and kingpin rancher who govern the territory through fear tyranny and violence . boss and charley find themselves inextricably drawn towards an inevitable showdown as they are forced to defend the freedom and values of a lifestyle that is all too quickly vanishing . amidst the turmoil life suddenly takes an unexpected turn for the loner charley when he meets the beautiful and warm spirited sue barlow a woman who embraces both his heart and his soul .
after a fateful mistake costing his career an ex -soccer player bum meets a shaolin kung fu student trying to spread the word of kung fu . the ex -soccer player helps reconcile with his five brothers and teaches them soccer adding shaolin kung fu as a twist .
harvey pekar is file clerk at the local va hospital . his interactions with his co -workers offer some relief from the monotony and their discussions encompass everything from music to the decline of american culture to new flavors of jellybeans and life itself . at home harvey fills his days with reading writing and listening to jazz . his apartment is filled with thousands of books and lps and he regularly scours cleveland 's thrift stores and garage sales for more savoring the rare joy of a -cent find . it is at one of these junk sales that harvey meets robert crumb a greeting card artist and music enthusiast . when years later crumb finds international success for his underground comics the idea that comic books can be a valid art form for adults inspires harvey to write his own brand of comic book . an admirer of naturalist writers like theodore dreiser harvey makes his american splendor a truthful unsentimental record of his working -class life a warts -and-all self portrait . first published in the comic earns harvey cult fame throughout the and eventually leads him to the sardonic joyce barber a partner in a delaware comic book store who end ups being harvey 's true soul mate as they experience the bizarre byproducts of harvey 's cult celebrity stature .
a government agent trains a typical teenager cody banks who loves to skateboard hates math and feels like a complete idiot around girls in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants . but cody 's got a secret --he's actually part of a secret teen cia program . cody 's living every boy 's dream life --he can drive like a stunt man has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets and his agency mentor ronica miles is totally hot . but cody 's training is put to the test when he 's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen natalie connors in order to gain access to her father --a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly pair of twisted villains called the nanobots for the evil organization eris which can destroy any carbon or silicon -based substance -to destroy the world 's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him . from runaway cars and high -speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown cody has to use everything he 's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop eris from completing their mission before their mission fails .
harkin banks heads to skiing championships in california . a teen runaway tags along as he parties and competes with friends and foes .
six friends are on their way to a football game . they decide to camp out for the night and continue driving the next day . the next day the friends find that they 're having car troubles so two of the friends accept a stranger 's ride into a small town named ambrose . the main attraction in ambrose is the house of wax . except something is not right in this town the wax figures are so realistic and the whole town is deserted - except for two murderous twin brothers . the six friends must fight to survive and escape from being the next exhibits in the house of wax .
all her life englishwoman gladys aylward knew that china was the place where she belonged . not qualified to be sent there as a missionary gladys works as a domestic to earn the money to send herself to a poor remote village . there she eventually lives a full and happy life : running the inn acting as "foot inspector " advising the local mandarin and even winning the heart of mixed race captain lin nan . but gladys discovers her real destiny when the country is invaded by japan and the chinese children need her to save their lives . based on a true story .
bill takes the only available seat in a cafe --at betty 's table . could she be the 'one'? could he ? are there any guarantees when we open our hearts ? sure thing .
julie a girl from the valley meets randy a punk from the city . they are from different worlds and find love . somehow they need to stay together in spite of her trendy shallow friends .
a recently blinded woman is terrorized by a trio of thugs while they search for a heroin -stuffed doll they believe is in her apartment .
jean a farm lad wants to escape his silent father ; he runs to paris to his older brother georges who 's away covering the war in kosovo . angry he throws a bag of half -eaten pastry into ...
an old couple visit their children and grandchildren in the city ; but the children have little time for them .
it 's sometime in the future in a state controlled society where conformity and homogeneity are the rule . what is also the rule is that the populace follows the wants of the faceless state without question . how this is achieved is through a mandatory drug regimen which also suppresses human desire with sexual intercourse and human relationships banned . the law of the state is policed by a force of robocops . the physical environment is totally within a manufactured enclosure what being outside of this unknown . thx is a loyal subject he who goes about his business as a skilled factory working building robocops . and even when he begins to have strange feelings he does what is obliged by going to the state run confessional which further brainwashes through its reinforced mantra of happiness loyalty and understanding . thx is given a glimpse into the other side through his computer matched and thus appointed female roommate luh and her surveillance colleague sen luh 's vision which may be something that thx may want to continue despite its illegality . if thx is able to keep his activities from the authorities and the robocops he will have to figure out what options are available to him .
film version of jacqueline susann 's best -selling novel chronicling the rise and fall of three young women in show business .
in prison awaiting execution the next morning louis the duke of chalfont sets down on paper the events that led him to his current situation . his mother has been banished from her family the d 'ascoynes after she married louis ' father who was considered far beneath her . after her death the d 'ascoynes refused permission for her to be buried in the family crypt . louis then plots his revenge - and kills all those ahead of him in the succession until he becomes the duke . along the way he becomes involved with the married sibelia who when spurned makes sure he ends up in prison . the day before his execution sibelia recants her testimony saving him not only from the gallows but also sets him free . once outside the prison however he realizes he 's forgotten one little thing ........
forty -two year old famed composer /playwright george webber is going through a midlife crisis . he is seriously dating thirty -eight year old actress /singer samantha taylor who he loves although he admits their connection is more intellectual than it is emotional . she in turn loves him despite barely tolerating his often infantile behavior . this behavior includes spying on a neighbor 's sexual encounters with a wide array of women this spying about which the neighbor knows as he does it himself . driving one day george spots a young woman who he believes is the most beautiful creature he 's ever seen - an "eleven" on a scale of ten tens which he didn 't believe existed before her . beyond the fact that she is probably half his age a problem with george 's infatuation is that she is just off to her own wedding . george and sam 's relationship takes a hit with an argument which is further exacerbated by a series of misunderstandings . as such george decides to pursue the woman of his dreams with all his energy . he learns her name is jenny miles now married jenny hanley and he is able to follow her to a mexican resort where she and her husband david hanley are honeymooning . in his pursuit of jenny his encounter with a lonely woman named mary lewis who is vacationing at the resort and his discussions with his gay lyricist hugh concerning his relationship with his much younger trophy husband larry george may come to a clearer picture of what he is doing in mexico and how he truly feels about sam .
a small town gradually becomes aware of a strange creature which picks off people one by one . but what is this creature and where is it ? at the same time a seismologist is working in the area she detects _tremors_ . the creature lives underground and can 'pop up ' without warning . trapped in their town the town -folk have no escape .
charles dreyfus escapes from the mental asylum and tries to kill chief inspector jacques clouseau . he doesn 't succeed at first so he takes on another strategy namely to build a doomsday machine and demand that someone else kills jacques clouseau or dreyfus will use the machine to wipe out whole cities and even whole countries ... with about assassins from all over the globe on his tail clouseau decides to find dreyfus alone and put him back in the mental asylum .
a retired elite black ops commando launches a one man war against a group of south american criminals who have kidnapped his daughter to blackmail him into starting a revolution and getting an exiled dictator back into power .
after a harrowing ride through the carpathian mountains in eastern europe renfield enters castle dracula to finalize the transferral of carfax abbey in london to count dracula who is in actuality a vampire . renfield is drugged by the eerily hypnotic count and turned into one of his thralls protecting him during his sea voyage to london . after sucking the blood and turning the young lucy weston into a vampire dracula turns his attention to her friend mina seward daughter of dr . seward who then calls in a specialist dr . van helsing to diagnose the sudden deterioration of mina 's health . van helsing realizing that dracula is indeed a vampire tries to prepare mina 's fiance john harker and dr . seward for what is to come and the measures that will have to be taken to prevent mina from becoming one of the undead .
a surreal virtually plotless series of dreams centered around six middle -class people and their consistently interrupted attempts to have a meal together .
kanji watanabe is a longtime bureaucrat in a city office who along with the rest of the office spends his entire working life doing nothing . he learns he is dying of cancer and wants to find some meaning in his life . he finds himself unable to talk with his family and spends a night on the town with a novelist but that leaves him unfulfilled . he next spends time with a young woman from his office but finally decides he can make a difference through his job ... after watanabe 's death co -workers at his funeral discuss his behavior over the last several months and debate why he suddenly became assertive in his job to promote a city park and resolve to be more like watanabe .
in and new zealand janet frame grows up in a poor family with lots of brothers and sisters . already at an early age she is different from the other kids . she gets an education as a teacher but since she is considered abnormal she stays at a mental institution for eight years . success comes when she starts to write novels .
on june during a period of high tensions on the pine ridge reservation in south dakota two fbi agents were killed in a shootout with a group of indians . although several men were charged with killing the agents only one leonard peltier was found guilty . this film describes the events surrounding the shootout and suggests that peltier was unjustly convicted .
set in a fascistic future america the handmaid 's tale tells the story of kate a handmaid . in this america the religious right has taken over and gone hog -wild. kate is a criminal guilty of the crime of trying to escape from the us and is sentenced to become a handmaid . the job of a handmaid is to bear the children of the man to whom she is assigned . after ruthless group training by aunt lydia in the proper way to behave kate is assigned as handmaid to the commander . kate is attracted to nick the commander 's chauffeur . at the same time a resistance movement begins to challenge the regime .
while microsoft may be the biggest software company in the world not every computer user is a fan of their products or their way of doing business . while microsoft 's windows became the ...
ashok runs a family business that sells takeout food that also has a video rental store at the side . ashok 's extended family includes his wife radha his brother jatin their ailing mother biji and their manservant mundu all living under the same roof . jatin at the insistence of ashok and their mother biji agrees to marry the beautiful sita in an arranged marriage although he is actually in love with julie a chinese -indian. at first glance you see a happy middle -class family going through the normal paces of everyday life . however as the layers are slowly peeled back we find a simmering cauldron of discontent within the family with almost every family member living a lie . both marriages in the family turn out to be emotionally empty without love or passion . while ashok is an ascetic who has taken a vow of celibacy jatin is a handsome ladies ' man who is still openly seeing julie even after his marriage to sita . ashok has pledged his total devotion to a religious holy man a swami in order to purge his life of worldly desires and temptations . radha bound by her sense of duty to her husband agrees to go along with his wishes . as you can imagine with both husbands ignoring their spouses ' emotional and sexual needs (albeit with reasons that are totally opposite from each other ) it is only a matter of time before radha and sita look to one another for comfort and to satisfy their own passions . in this environment it is only natural that sita and radha become fast friends and in time much more than that . but their love is not without its share of painful obstacles .
in this adaptation of the thomas mann novel avant -garde composer gustave aschenbach (loosely based on gustav mahler ) travels to a venetian seaside resort in search of repose after a period ...
two angels one from the heaven and one from the hell come to earth to save the soul of a boxer .
with their warning about lord voldemort 's return scoffed at harry and dumbledore are targeted by the wizard authorities as an authoritarian bureaucrat slowly seizes power at hogwarts .
a tale based on the life of wilhelm furtwangler the controversial conductor of the berlin philharmonic whose tenure coincided with the controversial nazi era . one of the most spectacular and renowned conductors of the furtwangler 's reputation rivaled that of toscanini 's. after the war he was investigated as part of the allies ' de -nazification programme . in the bombed -out berlin of the immediate post -war period the allies slowly bring law and order --and justice --to bear on an occupied germany . an american major is given the furtwangler file and is told to find everything he can and to prosecute the man ruthlessly . tough and hard -nosed major steve arnold sets out to investigate a world of which he knows nothing . orchestra members vouch for furtwangler 's morality --he did what he could to protect jewish players from his orchestra . to the germans deeply respectful of their musical heritage furtwangler was a demigod ; to major arnold he is just a lying weak -willed nazi .
meet roy and frank a couple of professional small -time con artists . what roy a veteran of the grift and frank his ambitious protg are swindling these days are "water filtration systems " bargain -basement water filters bought by unsuspecting people who pay ten times their value in order to win bogus prizes like cars jewelry and overseas vacations --which they never collect . these scams net the flim -flam men a few hundred here another thousand there which eventually adds up to a lucrative partnership . roy 's private life however is not so successful . an obsessive -compulsive agoraphobe with no personal relationships to call his own roy is barely hanging on to his wits and when his idiosyncrasies begin to threaten his criminal productivity he 's forced to seek the help of a psychoanalyst just to keep him in working order . while roy is looking for a quick fix his therapy begets more than he bargained for : the revelation that he has a teenage daughter --a child whose existence he suspected but never dared confirm . what 's more troubling -year-old angela wants to meet the father she never knew . at first angela 's appearance disrupts her neurotic father 's carefully ordered routine . soon however with his own unique spin on parenthood roy begins to enjoy a relationship he never dreamed of having with his daughter . but while he develops paternal feelings for the -year-old she 's developing a fascination with daddy 's questionable career .
in the third movie of rodriguez 's "mariachi" trilogy a mexican drug lord pretends to overthrow the mexican government and is connected to a corrupt cia agent who at that time demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry out the drug lord 's uprising against the government .
steven nearly and living with his parents sees an old edgar bergen movie on tv and decides to fulfill his longtime dream of becoming a ventriloquist . his beautiful unemployment counselor lorena finds him work but puts out a restraining order on him when he paints a thank -you note on her door . later this young mother agrees to date him anyway but finds his bickering family and his inexperience with women daunting to a relationship . steven 's sister heidi is a wedding planner with a drunken ex -fianc who keeps showing up at the door . his friend fangora is a pseudo -punk rocker whose sex does not prevent her from giving him terrible advice about women . the wedding of a jewish girl who wants klezmer music and gets something unexpected will become a turning point in everyone 's lives .
a faded movie star and a neglected young woman form an unlikely bond after crossing paths in tokyo .
a movie studio is being torn down . tv interviewer genya tachibana has tracked down its most famous star chiyoko fujiwara who has been a recluse since she left acting some years ago . tachibana delivers a key to her and it causes her to reflect on her career ; as she 's telling the story tachibana and his long -suffering cameraman are drawn in . the key was given to her as a teenager by a painter and revolutionary that she helped to escape the police . she becomes an actress because it will make it possible to track him down and she spends the next several decades acting out that search in various genres and eras .
jonathan plays a game called gotcha in which he hunts and is hunted by other students with paint guns . after a big win he goes off for a vacation in france where he meets the sexy sasha ...
set in late century canton this martial arts film depicts the stance taken by the legendary martial arts hero wong fei -hung against foreign forces ' (english french and ...
in the sequel to the tsui hark classic wong fei -hung faces the white lotus society a fanatical cult seeking to drive the europeans out of china through violence even attacking chinese who follow western ways . wong must also defend dr . sun yat sen a revolutionary from the military . with his friends loved ones and the future of china itself at stake wong must once again use his martial arts skills to defend the innocent .
wong fei -hung and sidekick chung arrive in peking just as the empress announces a lion dance martial arts contest . also accompanying him is cousin yee his young westernized aunt -by-adoption to whom wong is secretly betrothed . wong faces a possible romantic rival in a russian diplomat tumanovsky whom aunt yee knew back in school and a martial arts rival in the brutal club foot who beats up wong 's father . club foot works for the slimy leung fun who is determined to win the prestigious lion dance contest at any cost . however by the time the spectacular lion dance contest occurs many things will change .
adapted from the novel "addie pray " by joe david brown paper moon is the story of moses pray and addie loggins . with scenery reminiscent of "the grapes of wrath " the film is set in the depression -era midwestern region of the united states . as the movie opens we see a small group of mourners clustered at a graveside . among the mourners is addie the dead woman 's small daughter . moses pray -- ostensibly of the "kansas bible company " -- approaches the group as the service concludes and two of the elderly women remark that the child bears some resemblance to him and asks if he might be related . "if ever a child needed kin it 's now " one lady says . with no knowledge of who her father is addie 's only haven is her aunt 's home in st . joseph missouri . having identified himself as a "traveling man spreading the lord 's gospel in these troubled times " "mose" is prevailed upon to deliver the helpless child to her aunt since he 's going that way anyway . addie wise beyond her years soon discovers that mose is little more than a scam artist traveling from town to town delivering unordered bibles and charging exorbitant prices to recently widowed women whom he identifies through the obituary columns of local papers . soon addie and mose become a team traveling from town to town making money in every dishonest way imaginable and looking for the ultimate score . the colorful characters they meet along the way make the film all the more interesting . paramount among these is "miss trixie delight " an exotic dancer who mose rescues from a traveling carnival and her minion imogene . the film is peppered with "regional" dialog . perhaps one of the most memorable lines of the movie is uttered when mose is forced to wrestle a backwoodsman in order to trade his new car for the hillbilly 's battered old truck . "make him say calf -rope leroy !" one of the observers calls out .
ever since they were sent into wwi battle in sgt . pepper and his lonely hearts club band of heartland usa have been spreading the message of joy and love to the world which has made them and heartland famous . upon sgt . pepper 's death in the band 's instruments have been housed on display at heartland city hall as symbols of that love and joy . before his death sgt . pepper asked his adolescent grandson billy shears to take on the reigns of forming his own band to continue to spread the message of joy and love . with billy 's brother dougie shears as their manager billy now an adult and his three best friends - brothers mark dave and bob henderson - embark on their lives as a new lonely hearts club band . they quickly come to the attention of hollywood music producer b .d. hoffler of b .d. (big deal ) records . with the boys off to hollywood to spread the words of joy and love to the world enter into heartland the evil and demented mr . mustard an ex -real estate agent who wants to take over heartland by destroying what made it famous . to do so he plans to steal the instruments in city hall and promote the music of the f .v.b. (future villain band ) in place of the lonely hearts club band . with billy 's hometown girlfriend strawberry fields at their sides the boys try to thwart mustard 's dastardly plan at their own peril while still trying to spread their own message of love and joy to the world .
while driving through the arizona desert albuquerque based independent trucker martin penwald - who goes by the handle "rubber duck " - along with his fellow truckers "pig pen " and "spider mike " are entrapped by unscrupulous sheriff lyle "cottonmouth" wallace using a key tool of the trucker 's trade the citizens ' band (cb) radio . rubber duck and cottonmouth have a long antagonistic history . when this encounter later escalates into a more physical one as cottonmouth threatens spider mike a man who just wants to get home to his pregnant wife rubber duck and other the truckers involved including spider mike pig pen and "widow woman " go on the run figuring the best thing to do being to head to new mexico to avoid prosecution . along for the ride is melissa a beautiful photographer who just wanted a ride to the airport . as news of what happened spreads over the cb airwaves other truckers join their convoy as a show of support . cottonmouth rallies other law enforcement officers throughout the southwest they who soon learn that stopping rubber duck the face of the now highly public standoff is not as easy as shooting him and the truck due to his highly explosive cargo . as the standoff escalates new mexico governor jerry haskins joins the fray he who sees the strong public support for the truckers being something on which he can capitalize politically .
a small group of military officers and scientists dwell in an underground bunker as the world above is overrun by zombies .
hello ... is a tale about the events that happen one night at a call center . told through the views of the protagonist shyam it is a story of almost lost love thwarted ambitions absence of family affection pressures of a patriarchal set up and the work environment of a globalized office . shyam is losing his girl friend because his career is going nowhere as he trudges his way around in a call center . his girl friend priyanka is also an agent like him at the call center who is about to be snatched by an nri technogeek . there is also the aspiring model esha who is hoping for the break that seems to be always already eluding her and the man about town vroom who is into well things . the housewife radhika who is constantly at the receiving end of her mother -in-law and a beleaguered grandfather military uncle who has been barred from interacting with his grandchild make up the rest of the call agents who see their worlds crumbling around them as the decisions of right sizing are conveyed by bakshi the boss . it is a night when dreams will finally crumble . or will it ? for there is that call from god . narrated as a tale within a tale as a beautiful woman meets the auteur narrator and promises him a story on the condition that he has to narrate it further hello based on chetan bhagat 's one night @ the call center is the one remarkable story from tales from a thousand and one globalizing urban indian nights .
a harrowing tale of survival centers on rose a masurian woman whose husband a german soldier was killed in the war leaving her alone on their farm . a single woman had no defense against russian soldiers who raped as a form of revenge nor against plundering poles who found themselves in desperate straits . the law of the jungle had replaced the rule of law . help arrives for rose in the form of tadeusz a former officer in the polish home army who survived the warsaw uprising and is attempting to hide his identity .
alvin corwin is low man on the totem pole and goes from one mishap to another at an army training camp in world war ii .
teenaged mowgli who was raised by wolves appears in a village in india and is adopted by messua . mowgli learns human language and some human ways quickly though keeping jungle ideas . influential merchant buldeo is bigoted against 'beasts' including mowgli ; not so buldeo 's pretty daughter whom mowgli takes on a jungle tour where they find a treasure setting the evil of human greed in motion .
the countess has a problem . she is a year old vampire who will cease to look young unless she is able to feed on a virgin three times before the upcoming halloween a week away . she sends sebastian her servant and all of her lesser vampires out to find one . finding a virgin is difficult in los angeles . mark has a problem . he wants to 'do it ' with robin in the worst way but she wants to wait . jamie and russ mark 's goofy friends convince him to go to a hollywood pick up spot where mark meets the countess on the prowl . robin 's not going to understand this .
dane and bobby are on their way to a weekend bachelor retreat . they take a shortcut down a long -forgotten road where an accident leaves them stranded in the middle of nowhere . help arrives in the form of mr . parker a man who is not what he seems . that chain of events sends them on a strange and macabre journey though the back woods of maryland . with each person they meet the more perilous their situation . after they discover a young woman in captivity the boys are faced with a choice ; fight to save her run or die .
a family relocates from the city to a dilapidated house in the country that was once a grand estate . as they begin renovations they discover their new home harbors a secret and may not be completely free of its former inhabitant .
a boy named walter is dropped by his mother mae at his great -uncles' house . laterwalter will find out his great -uncles' big secret . and rumors say that hub & garth walter 's great uncles have stolen much gold & money . (some say they stole it from al capone ) did they really steal that money or not ?
a war has been raging between the vampires and lycan for centuries selene (beckinsale) is a death dealer assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the lycan . when she comes across michael corvin (speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie .
based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale bubba ho -tep tells the "true" story of what really did become of elvis presley . we find elvis (bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his "death" then missed his chance to switch back . elvis teams up with jack (ossie davis ) a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long -term care facility as his happy hunting grounds .
diane works for a french firm bidding to purchase a japanese animation outfit . diane maliciously hatches a plot to take the job of her supervisor karen . the plan succeeds but then diane faces problems when a competing american firm represented by elaine becomes involved . diane 's assistant elise remains loyal to karen and she frustrates diane 's every move . when it comes to light that the one of the concerned parties controls an internet site which broadcasts actual torture the plot thickens .
in february in the shamshatoo refugee camp in the north west frontier province in pakistan there are refugees living in sub -human conditions since with the soviet union invasion and with the usa bombing and invasion of afghanistan . the family of the afghan enayat and his cousin jamal decides to send them illegally to london to have a better life . they hire coyotes to smuggle the cousins through iran and turkey to italy and finally london hidden inside trucks and containers . however the long journey locked in a container with other families poses a terrible challenge to the boys .
yossi is a commander at an israeli outpost near lebanon . he is however involved in a secret passionate love affair with his second in command (nicknamed jagger ). the two will often sneak off from the outpost to spend time together . a failed ambush during a full moon leaves jagger mortally wounded and forces yossi to finally express his love .
alex rose and nancy kendricks are a young couple who believe they have found their perfect home to start a family in . there is just one problem . an elderly tenant is staying upstairs and won 't move out . alex and nancy desperately try everything to convince her to leave but she refuses to move . soon their dream home becomes their home of nightmares .
frances mayes is a san francisco -based literature professor literary reviewer and author who is struggling in writing her latest book . her outwardly perfect and stable life takes an unexpected turn when her husband files for divorce . he wants to marry the woman with whom he is having an affair . frances supported her husband financially as he was writing his own book and he sues her for alimony despite her financial difficulties . and he wants to keep the house . frances eventually accepts her best friend patti 's offer of a vacation a gay tour of tuscany which patti and her lesbian partner grace originally purchased for themselves before patti found out that she is pregnant . the gift is a means to escape dealing with the divorce from which patti feels frances may never recover emotionally without some intervention . feeling that patti 's assessment may be correct in that she has too much emotional baggage ever to return to san francisco frances while in tuscany impulsively ditches the tour to purchase an aged villa which ends up being a fixer -upper. frances has many obstacles in eking out a productive and happy life in her new surroundings that happy life which she hopes will eventually include rediscovering romantic love . in a discussion with sympathetic real estate agent signor martini frances outlines what emotionally she wants to accomplish with the villa despite none of those items in a substantive material sense currently being in her life . in response martini tells her the story of a set of railroad tracks that were laid between vienna and venice before an engine that could make the trek being built a train which now regularly travels the route . the question becomes whether frances in going through the process will be laying another vienna to venice track and if so whether that end product emotionally will be exactly as she envisions .
a crime drama series starring idris elba as a near -genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can 't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions .
the son of italian immigrants to canada struggles to find the best way to reveal to his parents that he 's gay .
a young woman conceals the fact of her terminal cancer to live her life with a passion she never had before .
set during a crazy afternoon in the lives of a dozen college students at a co -ed dorm that starts with the arrival of two very different women with the same name of dominique .
how do we learn to live with others and their wishes ? director nicolas philibert poses this question in a village schoolhouse in auvergne where georges lopez teaches children ages ranging from about four to . against a landscape of mountains and farmland from driving snow to rain to sun the children gather in lopez 's warm and colorful classroom to read write dictation cook and sort things out . at home the older ones do homework with parents after their chores . at year 's end they look ahead to the next visiting the middle school and meeting the little ones coming in the fall . as they learn sums and adjectives with lopez 's help they also learn to live side by side .
madame souza an elderly woman instills in her grandson champion (for who she acts as his guardian ) a love of cycling . as a young man he does become a dedicated road racer with his grandmother as his trainer . during a mountainous leg of the tour de france in which champion is racing he goes missing . evidence points to him being kidnapped . indeed he and two of his competitors were kidnapped the kidnappers who want to use the threesome 's unique skills for nefarious purposes . with champion 's overweight and faithful pet dog bruno at her side madame souza goes looking for champion . their trek takes them overseas to the town of belleville . without any money madame souza and bruno are befriended and taken in by three eccentric elderly women who were once the renowned jazz singing group the triplets of belleville . the triplets help madame souza and bruno try to locate and rescue champion .
max renn runs a tv channel and when looking for new material to show --he discovers "videodrome." his girlfriend nicki brand goes to audition for the show and max gets drawn into the underlying plot that uses the show as its front for a global conspiracy .
this is the story about the resilience shown by the indians when they were under the british rule . they are already taxed to the bone by the british and their cronies but when jack russell announces that he will double the lagaan (tax) from all villagers they decide to oppose it . leading the villagers is a handsome young man named bhuvan who challenges them to a game of cricket a game that is to be played by veteran british cricket players versus villagers including bhuvan himself who have never played this game before and do not even know a bat from a piece of wood . as the challenge is accepted the interest grows and attracts indians from all over the region as well as the british from all over the country - as everyone gathers to see the 'fair play ' that the british will display against their counter -parts who are aided by none other than the sister elizabeth of captain rusell .
it has been three years since the most important nazi leaders had already been tried . this trial is about judges who used their offices to conduct nazi sterilization and cleansing policies . retired american judge dan haywood has a daunting task ahead of him . the cold war is heating up and no one wants any more trials as germany and allied governments want to forget the past . but is that the right thing to do is the question that the tribunal must decide .
a man and woman meet by chance at a romantic inn over dinner . although both are married to others they find themselves in the same bed the next morning questioning how this could have happened . they agree to meet on the same weekend each year . originally a stage play the two are seen changing years apart always in the same room in different scenes . each of them always appears on schedule but as time goes on each has some personal crisis that the other helps them through often without both of them understanding what is going on .
unlike the book this film is really an anecdotal biography of stephen hawking . clips of his lectures interviews with friends and family and a little physics are thrown together .
the leningrad cowboys a fictional russian rock band and their manager travel to america seeking fame and fortune . as they cross the country trying to get to a wedding in mexico they are followed by the village idiot who wishes to join the band .
as unemployment rises a busy human resources agency teaches clients mostly inexperienced young people how to become more appealing to potential employers . some accept this as necessary evil others condemn it as excessive conformism .
in oregon when a backwoodsman brings a wife home to his farm his six brothers decide that they want to get married too .
luis molina and valentin arregui are cell mates in a south american prison . luis a trans individual is found guilty of immoral behavior and valentin is a political prisoner . to escape reality luis invents romantic movies while valentin tries to keep his mind on the situation he 's in . during the time they spend together the two men come to understand and respect one another .
in the run -up to the elections washington post reporter bob woodward covers what seems to be a minor break -in at the democratic party national headquarters . he is surprised to find top lawyers already on the defense case and the discovery of names and addresses of republican fund organizers on the accused further arouses his suspicions . the editor of the post is prepared to run with the story and assigns woodward and carl bernstein to it . they find the trail leading higher and higher in the republican party and eventually into the white house itself .
angie lives in the bensonhurst section of brooklyn n .y. and dreams of a better life than everyone she knows . when she finds that she is pregnant by her boyfriend vinnie she decides that she will have the baby but not vinnie as a husband . this turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self discovery . this journey includes her family a new lover and her life . even her best friend tina has trouble understanding angie .
in a future world young people are increasingly becoming addicted to an illegal (and potentially deadly ) battle simulation game called avalon . when ash a star player hears of rumors that ...
in a remote -century danish village two sisters lead a rigid life centered around their father the local minister and their church . both had opportunities to leave the village : one could have married a young army officer and the other a french opera singer . their father objected in each case and they spent their lives caring for him . many years later - their father is now deceased - they take in french refugee babette hersant who agrees to work as their servant . after winning the lottery babette wants to repay the sisters for their kindness and offers to cook a french meal for them and their friends on the anniversary of their father 's birth . it proves to be an eye -opening experience for everyone .
the newton family live in their comfortable home but there seems to something missing . this "hole" is filled by a small puppy who walks into their home and their lives . beethoven as he is named grows into a giant of a dog ... a st bernard . doctor varnick the local vet has a secret and horrible sideline which requires lots of dogs for experiments . beethoven is on the bad doctor 's list .
beethoven the st . bernard dog becomes a father but his girlfriend missy is dog -napped and his puppies are in danger of the same fate .
follows the lives of three young males living in the crenshaw ghetto of los angeles dissecting questions of race relationships violence and future prospects .
new york gangster ben bugsy siegel takes a brief business trip to los angeles . a sharp -dressing womaniser with a foul temper siegel doesn 't hesitate to kill or maim anyone crossing him . in l .a. the life the movies and most of all strong -willed virginia hill detain him while his family wait back home . then a trip to a run -down gambling joint at a spot in the desert known as las vegas gives him his big idea .
a gangster movie where all the gangsters are played by children . instead of real bullets they use "splurge guns " that cover the victim in cream . the story tells of the rise of "bugsy malone " and the battle for power between "fat sam " and "dandy dan ".
a tough -on-crime street cop must protect the only surviving witness to a strange murderous cult with far reaching plans .
a young girl with an amazing ability to communicate with insects is transferred to an exclusive swiss boarding school where her unusual capability might help solve a string of murders .
tyler is a restless streetwise -year-old hong kong native who 's had trouble gaining the trust of others all his life . he secretly fantasizes about living the good life in south america . after a while he is forced to deal with the reality of impending fatherhood . hankering for quick cash however he joins a bodyguard company . later he makes friends with a once disillusioned mercenary determined to begin life in a new way . however their companionship is brief : they both are uncontrollably forced toward opposite sides of a deadly showdown ...
the british troupe 's sketches include themes of gluttony birth control total insignificance and of course the meaning of life .
allied agents stage a daring raid on a castle where the nazis are holding an american general prisoner ... but that 's not all that 's really going on .
laura and martin have been married for four years . they seem to be the perfect happiest and most successful couple . the reality of their house - hold however is very different . martin is an abusive and brutally obsessed husband . laura is living her life in constant fear and waits for a chance to escape . she finally stages her own death and flees to a new town and new identity . but when martin finds out that his wife is not dead he will stop at nothing to find and kill her .
a high school senior visits college for the weekend and stays at the wildest house on campus in this classic tale of anti -political-correctness.
a rookie is taken out to his first crime scene not expecting the crime his mentor sees everyday .
luther heggs aspires to being a reporter for his small town newspaper the rachel courier express . he gets his big break when the editor asks him to spend the night at the simmons mansion that years before was the site of a now famous murder -suicide. the case has aroused local interest not only because of the anniversary but due to the fact that the family heir nick simmons has returned to rachel aiming to tear the mansion down . luther 's account of his wild ghost -ridden night in the house leads simmons to sue for libel but with the aid of his friend kelsey they determine what exactly happened that night long ago and the identity of the real killer .
kansas city in the : private investigator mike murphy 's partner is brutally murdered when he tries to blackmail a mobster with his secret accounting records . when a rival gang boss goes after the missing records ex -policeman murphy is forced to team up again with his ex -partner lieutenant speer even though they can 't stand each other to fight both gangs before kc erupts in a mob war .
a nerd gets himself in hot water with the new bully a quiet bad boy who challenges him to fight on the grounds of their high school after the day 's end .
during wwii a belarusian boy is thrust into the atrocities of war fighting with a hopelessly unequipped soviet resistance movement against ruthless german forces . witnessing scenes of abject terror and surviving horrifying situations he loses his innocence and then his mind .
is becoming a woman analogous in some deep psychological way to becoming a werewolf ? ginger is edgy tough and with her younger sister into staging and photographing scenes of death . they 've made a pact about dying together . in early october on the night she has her first period which is also the night of a full moon a werewolf bites ginger . within a few days some serious changes happen to her body and her temperament . her sister brigitte tries to find a cure with the help of sam a local doper . as brigitte races against the clock halloween and another full moon approach ginger gets scarier and it isn 't just local dogs that begin to die .
based on a true story this is the tale of josephine monaghan a young woman of the mid century who is thrown out of her parents ' home after being seduced by the family 's portrait photographer and giving birth to an illegitimate child . josephine quickly learns that young female pretty and alone are a bad combination for life in the wild west . in her desperation to survive josephine disguises herself as "jo" a young man and struggles to make a life for herself in a dingy frontier mining town . can "little jo " live and love without revealing his /her secret ?
a pardoned stagecoach robber becomes government agent and marries a naive unsuspecting east -coast dentist in order to join a wagon train and catch the smugglers who have been selling guns to the indians .
the comedic misadventures of a person of indeterminate gender .
three vicious thugs are on the run in rural america after robbing a local bank . they seek refuge at the home of a reclusive farmer but he is prepared for their arrival and holds them at ...
betty lou is a librarian in a very small town . her husband alex is a police detective who takes her for granted . she is the ultimate mouse . after a gangland figure is mysteriously murdered in town she finds the murder weapon but can 't get anyone 's attention to tell them (we're talking very mousy here ). finally in a fit of frustration she fires it in a restroom and when taken to the police station insists she is the murderer . it has the desired effect people do pay attention to her . with hints at social graces from the hookers in her cell block she 's on her way .
after an ambitious actor insinuates himself into the life of a wealthy middle -aged playwright and marries her he plots with his mistress to murder her .
henry is a lawyer who survives a shooting only to find he cannot remember anything . if that weren 't enough henry also has to recover his speech and mobility in a life he no longer fits into . fortunately henry has a loving wife and daughter to help him .
following a string of strange events a group of complete strangers are stalked by own known entities of which are on a mission to capture them and kill them .
daily activities of the metropolitan hospital in new york city with emphasis on the emergency ward and outpatient clinics . the cases depicted illustrate how medical expertise availability of resources organizational considerations and the nature of communication among the staff and patients affect the delivery of health care .
jonas is a fraudulent faith healer who uses all the tricks in the book to con the people attending his shows . jonas and his team of helpers including jane who is in need of some romance travel the country stopping at big towns and cities to put on their show . when one of the trucks breaks down in a small town jonas is quick to accept the challenge of making money in this town . his other goal is to seduce marva a waitress in the town but she 's a hard nut to crack as is will the local sheriff who 's determined to expose jonas as a fraud .
susan anspach stars in this comedy as a news reporter who investigates a story about stolen milk causing milk and gas prices to rise . during the course of her investigation other people ...
after a botched robbery results in the brutal murder of a rural family two drifters elude police in the end coming to terms with their own mortality and the repercussions of their vile atrocity .
the life of the renowned musical composer playwright actor dancer and singer george m . cohan .
a journeyman ninja by name of jubei stumbles upon a plague an evil clan of demons a national crisis and a beautiful ninja girl .
well off andrzej and krystyna 's marriage is at a stage where familiarity breeds contempt that contempt which is outwardly shown only behind closed doors and only when an incident of some sort sets off one or the other . while driving through the countryside on a sunday on their way to the lake to embark on an overnight sailing excursion they almost run over a young male hitchhiker . despite the antagonism between andrzej and the hitchhiker andrzej offers him a ride as far as the marina . by the time they reach the lake their antagonism has dissipated enough that andrzej asks if he would like to join them on their sailing trip . the hitchhiker accepts despite knowing nothing about sailing . as the sailing trip progresses the antagonism between the two men begins to increase again fueled on both sides as each strives to be the alpha male . andrzej needs to show his superiority while the hitchhiker needs to show that his young age and inexperience not only with sailing but with life in general do not make him any less of a man in comparison . later incidents demonstrate that their relationship may have been different if krystyna was not in the picture . the hitchhiker 's pocket knife seemingly his most prized possession on his person becomes a symbol of that power struggle between the two men . if the three emerge from their sailing trip alive they may be forever changed by their encounter .
matt whitlock the police chief of the small town of banyan key florida is separated from his wife alex a police homicide detective in miami . matt 's been having an affair with ann merai harrison a woman who 's separated from her abusive husband chris and who says that she has cancer . when her doctor tells her of a new expensive treatment matt decides to give her the nearly half a million dollars in an evidence lock up that he seized from a local drug bust . when ann and her husband turn up dead only days after naming chief whitlock as beneficiary on a million dollar life insurance policy things start heating up for whitlock as the evidence his wife alex is gathering stacks up against him . and as if things couldn 't get worse the d .e.a. now want the drug money a .s.a.p. anxiety runs high for whitlock as he scrambles to figure out who has set him up and also recover half a million dollars all while trying not to break a sweat or draw any suspicions . he 's a man who is way out of his depth nearly out of luck and desperately close to being out of time .
down and out rock star dewey finn gets fired from his band and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . he takes a job as a grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . he also meets zack a -year-old guitar prodigy who could help dewey win a "battle of the bands " competition which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight .
george harrison 's friends family and bandmates unite for a tribute concert on the one -year anniversary of his death .
when his only friend and co -worker dies a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . though he tried to maintain a life of solitude he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly friendly cuban hot -dog vendor .
in the police investigation of a brutal crime scene one man was at the center of it all : legendary porn star john holmes .
documentary depicts what happened in rio de janeiro on june when bus was taken by an armed young man threatening to shoot all the passengers . transmitted live on all brazilian tv networks this shocking and tragic -ending event became one of violence 's most shocking portraits and one of the scariest examples of police incompetence and abuse in recent years .
in the summer of in a neighborhood in boston kids dave boyle and two of his friends jimmy and sean are playing on the sidewalk when dave gets abducted by two men and endures several days of sexual abuse . eventually dave escapes traumatized throughout adulthood . jimmy is an ex -con and a father of three whose daughter katie is found dead and dave becomes the number one suspect . sean is a homicide detective investigating katie 's murder ends up finding himself faced with past and present demons as more is uncovered about katie 's murder . learning katie had a boyfriend ballistics later turn up a gun belonging to the father which then puts her boyfriend as the suspect . will sean find out who killed katie ? will jimmy make it through the investigation ? and will dave ever find out what really happened when he was abducted ?
a group of college students travel to a mysterious island to attend a rave and end up getting trapped there because it 's been taken over by bloodthirsty zombies .
miles massey a prominent los angeles divorce attorney has everything --and in some cases two of everything . despite his impressive client list a formidable win record the respect of his peers and an ironclad contract (the massey pre -nup) named after him he 's reached a crossroads in his life . sated on success boredom has set in and he 's looking for new challenges . all that changes when miles meets his match in the devastating marylin rexroth . marylin is the soon -to-be ex -wife of his client rex rexroth a wealthy real estate developer and habitual philanderer . with the help of hard charging private investigator gus petch she has rex nailed and is looking forward to the financial independence a successful divorce will bring . but thanks to miles ' considerable skills she ends up with nothing . not to be outdone marylin schemes to get even and as part of her plan quickly marries oil tycoon howard doyle . miles and his unflappable associate wrigley unwittingly dig themselves in deeper and deeper as they go head -to-head with marylin . underhanded tactics deceptions and an undeniable attraction escalate as marylin and miles square off in this classic battle of the sexes .
the lead character called 'the bride ' was a member of the deadly viper assassination squad led by her lover 'bill.' upon realizing she was pregnant with bill 's child 'the bride ' decided to escape her life as a killer . she fled to texas met a young man who on the day of their wedding rehearsal was gunned down by an angry and jealous bill (with the assistance of the deadly viper assassination squad ). four years later 'the bride ' wakes from a coma and discovers her baby is gone . she then decides to seek revenge upon the five people who destroyed her life and killed her baby . the saga of kill bill volume i begins .
rand winston and johnson have a small tech startup company in the bay area that 's developing a artificially -lived computer character koy koy the bird who can hear and see and interact with the user . koy koy gets placed in a kids schoolroom for testing and rand develops a relationship with one of the teachers sarah . rand learns that his scientific understanding of human mating isn 't necessarily a roadmap for the real thing .
three actresses at various places on the hollywood food chain navigate the minefield of love aging and ambition . oh and they 're all played by men !
a juror on the inside and a woman on the outside manipulate a court trial involving a major gun manufacturer .
driving through the backwoods of texas five youths pick up a traumatized hitchhiker who shoots herself in their van . shaken by the suicide the group seeks help from the locals but their situation becomes even more surreal when they knock on the door of a remote homestead . it 's quickly apparent the residents are a family of inbred psychopaths and the unlucky youths suddenly find themselves running for their lives . in hot pursuit is a disfigured chainsaw -wielding cannibal known as leatherface .
a wayward daughter invites her dying mother and the rest of her estranged family to her apartment for thanksgiving dinner .
in aspiring american poet sylvia plath meets fellow poet edward ted hughes at cambridge where she is studying . enthralled with the genius of his writing sylvia falls in love with him even before meeting him and he quickly falls in love with her . they eventually marry . sylvia quickly learns that others are also enthralled with her husband for a combination of his good looks charisma fame and success . sylvia lives in her husband 's professional shadow as she tries to eke out her own writing career which doesn 't come as naturally to her as it does to ted . she also suspects him of chronic infidelity . both issues affect sylvia 's already fragile emotional state she who once tried to commit suicide earlier in her life . through her pain and her anger she does gain minor success as a writer with a completed semi -autobiographical novel and a few well received collection of poems . following she tries to regain some happiness in her life with ted but has an alternate plan if that does not work out as she wants .
based on a true story this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin (cate blanchett ) a reporter for the sunday independent who exposed some of dublin 's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in . but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed .
new york writing professor frannie avery has an affair with a police detective who is investigating the murder of a beautiful young woman in her neighborhood .
football coach harold jones befriends radio a mentally -challenged man who becomes a student at t .l. hanna high school in anderson south carolina . their friendship extends over several decades where radio transforms from a shy tormented man into an inspiration to his community .
a mysterious killer video tape is circulating around . one look at this tape and you have seven days left to live . news reporter cindy campbell (faris) witnesses this video tape and tries to work out a way to prevent her death . but this is not the only mystery to appear . crop circles have been appearing in the local farm of tom (sheen) and george (rex). with help from aunt shaneequa (latifah) cindy suspects that the aliens may be linked with the killer tape and must now work out both mysteries before it 's the end of the world .
when a young inuit hunter needlessly kills a bear he is magically changed into a bear himself as punishment with a talkative cub being his only guide to changing back .
a day in the lives of a group of average teenage high school students . the film follows every character and shows their daily routines . however two of the students plan to do something that the student body won 't forget .
from his hospital bed a writer suffering from a skin disease hallucinates musical numbers and paranoid plots .
led by john bridger (donald sutherland ) and charlie croker (mark wahlberg ) a team is assembled for one last heist to steal million in gold bars from a heavily guarded safe in venice italy . after successfully pulling off the heist a team member steve (edward norton ) driven by greed and jealousy arranges to take the gold for himself and eliminate the remaining members of the group . thinking the team dead he returns to l .a. with the gold . charlie and the survivors of this betrayal follow steve l .a. to exact revenge against the traitor . charlie enlists the help of john bridger 's daughter stella (charlize theron ) - a professional safe cracker to get revenge . with stella and the hacking skills of lyle (seth green ) the explosives skills of "left ear " (yasiin bey ) and the driving skills of "handsome" rob (jason statham ) this new team plans and executes a daring heist that weaves through the freeways and subways of l .a.
claude lanzmann directed this hour documentary of the holocaust without using a single frame of archive footage . he interviews survivors witnesses and ex -nazis (whom he had to film secretly since they only agreed to be interviewed by audio ). his style of interviewing by asking for the most minute details is effective at adding up these details to give a horrifying portrait of the events of nazi genocide . he also shows or rather lets some of his subjects themselves show that the anti -semitism that caused million jews to die in the holocaust is still alive and well in many people who still live in germany poland and elsewhere .
determined to have a normal family life once his mother gets out of prison a scottish teenager from a tough background sets out to raise the money for a home .
neal oliver a very confused young man and an artist (played by james marsden ) takes a journey of a lifetime on a highway that doesn 't exsist on any of the maps going to the places he never even heard of .
a delinquent teenager 's only link to society is the attachment he feels towards an older brother -figure. when the older boy starts spending time with a new girlfriend the teenager begins to feel even more alienated and gets involved with drugs and the police .
jerry shaw is an amiable slacker with an over -achieving twin brother . after his twin dies in an accident strange things happen to jerry at a dizzying pace : a fortune shows up in his bank account weapons are delivered to his flat and a voice on his cell phone tells him the police are on their way . jerry follows the voice 's instructions and soon he and a woman he 's never met are racing through the city on to a plane and eventually to the pentagon chased by the fbi . she is rachel holloman a single mom ; the voice has threatened her son 's death if she doesn 't cooperate . the voice seems to know everything . who is behind it what is being planned and why jerry and rachel ?
. thomas vlassenroot deserted the french foreign legion while fighting in algeria . his lieutenant fraser initiated the desertion for the two of them fraser believing he could do more for the french working for an underground organization . however thomas readily admits that he no longer has any political motivations or affiliations and thus is hiding out from the authorities in algiers . fraser offers him a proposition : help him kidnap lyonais lawyer dominique servet who is in algiers to defend two algerian nationalists . fraser will mastermind the job but thomas is required to help him both carry out the kidnapping as well as stand guard over dominique for one week . she is only one of two kidnap victims that will be held each victim with a guard apiece the other victim 's guard being amerio a fellow member of fraser 's organization . unlike fraser and amerio thomas does the job as a mercenary for pay : the he needs to be able to get back home to luxembourg . his want to go to luxembourg is despite he not knowing if there is any future for him there beyond going back to his childhood home where is mother is taking care of his infant daughter . after the successful kidnapping and as the week progresses thomas feels compelled not only to assist dominique but also help her escape as he has fallen in love with her . he has to accomplish this task against the threat of fraser and amerio 's watchful eyes . he is able to do so but sustains a serious abdominal wound in the process . as a wounded thomas tries to make his way back to luxembourg he has to elude fraser and his colleagues . but thomas may feel further compelled to reconnect with dominique in lyon . if he does the question becomes what she will think in him doing so .
after leaving prison master thief corey crosses paths with a notorious escapee and an alcoholic former policeman . the trio proceed to plot an elaborate heist .
when a disgraced former college dean has a romance with a mysterious younger woman haunted by her dark twisted past he is forced to confront a shocking fact about his own life that he has kept secret for years .
a girl with few real prospects joins a gang reinventing herself and gaining a sense of self confidence in the process . however she soon finds that this new life does not necessarily make her any happier .
the true story of a young journalist who fell from grace when it was found he had fabricated over half of his articles .
neo discovers that somehow he is able to use his powers in the real world too and that his mind can be freed from his body as a result of which he finds himself trapped on a train station between the matrix and the real world . meanwhile zion is preparing for the oncoming war with the machines with very little chances of survival . neo 's associates set out to free him from the merovingian since it 's believed that he is the one who will end the war between humans and the machines . what they do not know is that there is a threat from a third party someone who has plans to destroy both the worlds .
in april an irish film crew is making a documentary about venezuelan president hugo chavez when a coup from the opposition is made .
buddy was a baby in an orphanage who stowed away in santa 's sack and ended up at the north pole . later as an adult human who happened to be raised by elves santa allows him to go to new york city to find his birth father walter hobbs . hobbs on santa 's naughty list for being a heartless jerk had no idea that buddy was even born . buddy meanwhile experiences the delights of new york city (and human culture ) as only an elf can . when walter 's relationship with buddy interferes with his job he is forced to reevaluate his priorities .
a woman grows increasingly fascinated with her body after suffering a disfiguring accident .
against the backdrop of aged has -been rock star billy mack 's christmas themed comeback cover of "love is all around " which he knows is crap and makes no bones about it much to his manager joe 's chagrin as he promotes the record several interrelated stories about romantic love and the obstacles to happiness through love for londoners are presented in the five weeks preceding christmas . daniel 's wife has just passed away leaving him to take care of his adolescent stepson sam by himself . daniel is uncertain how to deal with sam and his problems without his wife present especially in light of a potential budding romance within their household . juliet and peter have just gotten married . they believe that peter 's best friend and best man mark hates juliet but won 't say so to his or her face . others looking at the situation from the outside believe mark is jealous of juliet as he is in love with peter himself . jamie a writer is taking a writing retreat by himself in rural france following catching his latest girlfriend in an indiscretion . jamie ends up spending much time in france with aurlia the portuguese woman hired as the housekeeper . the question becomes not only if they can communicate their day -to-day needs with each other as she speaks no english he speaks no portuguese and neither speaks french well but communicate what seems to be their increasing mutual attraction to each other . sarah has been in love with her co -worker karl for the two years they have worked together this attraction which everyone in their workplace knows about . sarah has to decide if she can be forward enough to express this love directly to karl especially in light of what has been her personal priority of dealing with a family issue . harry and karen have been in a stable long term marriage . his new assistant mia drops hints to him that she would like them to be romantically involved . harry has to decide whether to fall to the temptation especially considering being married to a perceptive wife . single and relatively young david is the newly elected prime minister . at downing street he is attracted to one of the new household servants slightly overweight natalie but isn 't sure what to do about it seeing as to their respective positions the probable public scrutiny and an incident involving the visiting u .s. president . socially unaware colin believes that the lack of romantic love in his life is all the fault of standoffish british women . as such he decides to take decisive albeit somewhat unusual geographic action . and john and judy are movie body doubles . they can communicate with each other straightforwardly while they are simulating sex filming a movie but they may not be able to translate the feelings behind that simulation in real life to each other .
in this remake of the spencer tracy classic george and nina banks are the parents of young soon -to-be-wed annie . george is a nervous father unready to face the fact that his little girl is now a woman . the preparations for the extravagant wedding provide additional comic moments .
director nathaniel kahn searches to understand his father noted architect louis kahn who died bankrupt and alone in .
in april during the napoleonic wars h .m.s. surprise a british frigate is under the command of captain jack aubrey . aubrey and the surprise 's current orders are to track and capture or destroy a french privateer named acheron . the acheron is currently in the atlantic off south america headed toward the pacific in order to extend napoleon 's reach of the wars . this task will be a difficult one as aubrey quickly learns in an initial battle with the acheron that it is a bigger and faster ship than the surprise which puts the surprise at a disadvantage . aubrey 's single -mindedness in this seemingly impossible pursuit puts him at odds with the surprise 's doctor and naturalist stephen maturin who is also aubrey 's most trusted advisor on board and closest friend . facing other internal obstacles which have resulted in what they consider a string of bad luck aubrey ultimately uses maturin 's scientific exploits to figure out a way to achieve his and the ship 's seemingly impossible goal .
in in chile the american journalist charles horman arrives in valparaiso with his friend terry simon to meet his wife beth and bring her back to new york with him . however they are surprised by the military coup d 'tat sponsored by the us government to replace president salvador allende and charles is arrested by the military force . his father ed horman a conservative businessman from new york arrives in chile to seek out his missing son with beth . he goes to the american consulate to meet the consul that promises the best efforts to find charles while the skeptical beth does not trust on the word of the american authorities . the nationalism and confidence of ed in his government changes when he finds the truth about what happened with his beloved son .
conrad and sally walden (spencer breslin and dakota fanning ) are home alone with their pet fish . it is raining outside and there is nothing to do . until the cat in the hat ('mike myers ') walks in the front door . he introduces them to their imagination and at first it 's all fun and games until things get out of hand and the cat must go go go before their parents get back .
a repressed female psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked with no memory of why she is there or what she has done .
this is the story of three well -meaning but flawed people : paul rivers an ailing mathematician lovelessly married to an english migr ; christina peck an upper -middle-class suburban housewife happily married homemaker with two young daughters with hiding a secret past ; and jack jordan an ex -convict who has found in his christian faith the strength to live a law -abiding life and raise a family . they will be brought together by a terrible accident that will change their lives . by the final frame none of them will be the same as they will have learnt harsh truths about love faith courage desire and guilt and how chance can change our worlds irretrievably forever .
in this belated sequel to 'the decline of the american empire ' -something montreal college professor remy learns that he is dying of liver cancer . he decides to make amends meet to his friends and family before he dies . he first tries to made peace with his ex -wife louise who asks their estranged son sebastian a successful businessman living in london to come home . sebastian makes the impossible happen using his contacts and disrupting the entire canadian system in every way possible to help his father fight his terminal illness to the bitter end while he also tries to reunite his former friends pierre alain dominique diane and claude to see their old friend before he passes on .
a miserable conman and his partner pose as santa and his little helper to rob department stores on christmas eve . but they run into problems when the conman befriends a troubled kid and the security boss discovers the plot .
a group of archaeological students become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve their professor . the group must survive in century france long enough to be rescued .
a member of parliament (irons) falls passionately in love with his son 's fiance . they pursue their affair with obsessive abandon despite the dangers of discovery and what it would do to his complacent life and his son . completely obsessed he wants to give up his current lifestyle to be with her . she has no intention of allowing him to do this preferring to have her marriage to the son as a cover . they are eventually discovered and must deal with the damage . based on the novel by josephine hart .
as the world succumbs to a zombie apocalypse cole a hardened mercenary is chasing the one person who can provide a cure . in his way aren 't only the flesh -eating super -athletic cannibals as humanity 's greatest danger but people themselves !
ruth ellis lives with her -year old son andy next to a night club . one night she meets david blakely and they start a love affair . however for david with his upper -class background it is impossible to uphold the relationship . he breaks up with her something which makes ellis obsessed by him very upset ...
peyton westlake is a scientist who has discovered a way to produce synthetic skin . this could revolutionise skin grafting except for one minor glitch ; the synthetic skin degrades after minutes of exposure to light . when gangsters attack peyton he is horrifically burnt and assumed dead . in his quest for revenge peyton aka the darkman is able to take on the appearance of anyone (using the synthetic skin ) but he only has minutes per disguise .
the mysterious man hanging about at the research department of a big tv network proves to be engineer richard sumner who 's been ordered to keep his real purpose secret : computerizing the office . department head bunny watson who knows everything needs no computer to unmask richard . the resulting battle of wits and witty dialogue pits bunny 's fear of losing her job against her dawning attraction to richard .
an american of german descent arrives in post -war germany . his uncle gets him a job on the zentropa train line as a sleeping car conductor . the american 's wish is to be neutral to the ongoing purges of loyalists by the allied forces and do what he can to help a hurting country but he finds himself being used by both the americans and the influential family that owns the railroad . after falling in love with the railroad magnate 's daughter he finds that he can 't remain neutral and must make some difficult choices .
a high school sophomore girl struggles dating an upperclassman .
in this english -language remake of a deconstruction in the way violence is portrayed in the media a family settles into its vacation home which happens to be the next stop for a pair of young articulate white -gloved serial killers on an excursion through the neighborhood .
the gangster nino has a gang who call themselves cash money brothers . they get into the crack business and not before long they make a million dollars every week . a cop scotty is after them . he tries to get into the gang by letting an ex -drug addict infiltrate the gang but the attempt fails miserably . the only thing that remains is that scotty himself becomes a drug pusher .
presents a day in the life in austin texas among its social outcasts and misfits predominantly the twenty -something set using a series of linear vignettes . these characters who in some manner just don 't fit into the establishment norms move seamlessly from one scene to the next randomly coming and going into one another 's lives . highlights include a ufo buff who adamantly insists that the u .s. has been on the moon since the a woman who produces a glass slide purportedly of madonna 's pap smear and an old anarchist who sympathetically shares his philosophy of life with a robber .
a young man finds a back door into a military central computer in which reality is confused with game -playing possibly starting world war iii .
follows the lives of the brogen family as they deal with inner conflict as well as religious conflict with one and other and the rest of the town . the various events that unfold throughout the film tests all of their faith and beliefs .
a young french girl orphaned in a nazi air attack is befriended by the son of a poor farmer and together they try to come to terms with the realities of death .
a mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he 's hiding a terrible secret .
the sufferings of a martyr jeanne d 'arc jeanne appears in court where cauchon questions her and d 'estivet spits on her . she predicts her rescue is taken to her cell and judges forge evidence against her . in her cell priests interrogate her and judges deny her the mass . threatened first in a torture chamber and then offered communion if she will recant she refuses . at a cemetery in front of a crowd a priest and supporters urge her to recant ; she does and cauchon announces her sentence . in her cell she explains her change of mind and receives communion . in the courtyard at rouen castle she burns at the stake ; the soldiers turn on the protesting crowd .
judah ben -hur lives as a rich jewish prince and merchant in jerusalem at the beginning of the century . together with the new governor his old friend messala arrives as commanding officer of the roman legions . at first they are happy to meet after a long time but their different politic views separate them . during the welcome parade a roof tile falls down from judah 's house and injures the governor . although messala knows they are not guilty he sends judah to the galleys and throws his mother and sister into prison . but judah swears to come back and take revenge .
francis a young man recalls in his memory the horrible experiences he and his fiance jane recently went through . it is the annual fair in holstenwall . francis and his friend alan visit the cabinet of dr . caligari an exhibit where the mysterious doctor shows the somnambulist cesare and awakens him for some moments from his death -like sleep . when alan asks cesare about his future cesare answers that he will die before dawn . the next morning alan is found dead . francis suspects cesare of being the murderer and starts spying on him and dr . caligari . the following night cesare is going to stab jane in her bed but softens when he sees the beautiful woman and instead of committing another murder he abducts her . jane 's father awakens because of the noise and he and some servants follow the fleeing cesare . when cesare cannot outrun his pursuers anymore he gently places jane down on the ground and runs away . francis and the police investigate the caravan of dr . caligari but the doctor succeeds in slipping away . francis pursues the fleeing dr . caligari and sees him disappear into a madhouse . francis enters the madhouse where he is sure he will find the truth behind all these mysterious events .
an investigator on the moscow police force relentlessly pursues the solution to a triple homicide which occurred in moscow 's gorky park . he finds that no one really wants him to solve the crime because it is just the tip of a complex conspiracy which involves the highest levels of the moscow city government .
in victorian england a master criminal makes elaborate plans to steal a shipment of gold from a moving train .
a shipping disaster in the century has stranded a man and woman in the wilds of africa . the lady is pregnant and gives birth to a son in their tree house . the mother dies soon after . an ape enters the house and kills the father and a female ape takes the tiny boy as a replacement for her own dead infant and raises him as her son . twenty years later captaine phillippe d 'arnot discovers the man who thinks he is an ape . evidence in the tree house leads him to believe that he is the direct descendant of the earl of greystoke and thus takes it upon himself to return the man to civilization .
doug is a secret service agent who has just completed his stint in charge protecting tess carlisle widow of a former u .s. president and close personal friend of the president . he finds that she has requested that he not be rotated but instead return to be her permanent detail . doug is crushed . he wants off her detail . she is very difficult to guard and makes her detail crazy with her whims and demands . doug returns with no idea of how to continue dealing with her .
during a thanksgiving day party we make acquaintance with a numerous and problematic family . the leading characters are three sisters : lee the woman of frederick an old misanthrope painter ; holly who dreams of becoming a writer or an actress or who knows who ...; hannah famous actress beautiful intelligent good mother good wife good sister in short perfect the pivot of the family . the balance begins to break up when hannah 's husband elliot falls in love with lee who leaves frederick . holly goes through a deep crisis and meets mickey the former husband of hannah a hypochondriac tv producer . the affairs evolve and at the last thanksgiving ...
hercules (schwarzenegger) is sent to earth where he finds true love and starts a promising career in the bodybuilder business .
the second "highlander" movie again with christopher lambert and sean connery . it 's the year and all the ozone above earth has gone . to protect people from dying macleod helped in the construction of a giant "shield" several years ago . but since there isn 't left anyone immortal after macleod 's victory in the previous film he has stopped being an immortal himself . now he is just an old man until one day some other immortals arrive on our planet . you see the immortals come from another planet ...
jack nicholson 's portrait of teamsters union leader jimmy hoffa as seen through the eyes of his longtime friend bobby ciaro (danny devito ). this film follows hoffa 's passionate struggle to shape america 's most influential labor union through his countless battles with the regional transit authority . as he fights for workers ' rights hoffa locks horns with industry management organized crime and attorney general robert kennedy . in four years after serving his prison term hoffa disappears in one of america 's most fascinating unsolved crime mysteries .
davis builds his dream house and presents it to becky with a proposal of marriage . she turns him down . he leaves the house still with a ribbon running around it and returns to the city terribly smitten with becky . he meets gwen who has an interesting relationship with the truth . he spends the night with her but leaves while she is sleeping . she takes his description of the house searches it out and moves in . the residents of davis ' home town become curious and she invents a marriage a courtship and and an entire history . davis ' parents meet gwen and are immediately taken with her . by the time davis finds out what has happened things have happened the whole town thinks he 's married and becky tells him that gwen has made her see him in a whole new light . gwen and davis agree that she can pretend to be his wife and get free rent while davis works on becky until they can announce a divorce . the trouble is that no one in the town wants them to separate and keep trying to help them reconcile .
eddie hawkins called hudson hawk has just been released from ten years of prison and is planning to spend the rest of his life honestly . but then the crazy mayflower couple blackmail him to steal some of the works of leonardo da vinci . if he refuses they threaten to kill his friend tommy .
the first remake of the paranoid infiltration classic moves the setting for the invasion from a small town to the city of san fransisco and starts as matthew bennell notices that several of his friends are complaining that their close relatives are in some way different . when questioned later they themselves seem changed as they deny everything or make lame excuses . as the invaders increase in number they become more open and bennell who has by now witnessed an attempted "replacement" realises that he and his friends must escape or suffer the same fate . but who can he trust to help him and who has already been snatched ?
a us politician visits his poet friend in mont . st . michael france . while walking through the medieval island discussing their philosophies of life they happen upon sonja a scientist in recluse who joins in their conversation . the two men listen to the ideas of this brilliant woman and discuss how her ideas can work in their own politician and poet lives .
writer franz kafka works during the day at an insurance company where events lead him to discover a mysterious underground society with strange suppressive goals .
john kimble is a tough city cop who 's been on the trail of drug dealer cullen crisp for years . he finally tracks crisp down but it seems the only person that can testify against him is his ex -wife. the problem is she 's disappeared and all kimble knows is the name of the school in oregon where her son attends . when things don 't quite go to plan kimble finds he has to go undercover on his toughest assignment yet - kindergarten teacher !
when an accident obliterates the british royal family and most of its branches a desperate geneological search discovers the next king : ralph a sleazy american lounge singer . can ralph measure up to the job even with the help of loyal aristocrat willingham ?
a down and out cynical detective teams up with a down and out ex -quarterback to try and solve a murder case involving a pro football team and a politician .
while looking for an apartment jeanne a beautiful young parisienne encounters paul a mysterious american expatriate mourning his wife 's recent suicide . instantly drawn to each other they have a stormy passionate affair in which they do not reveal their names to each other . their relationship deeply affects their lives as paul struggles with his wife 's death and jeanne prepares to marry her fiance tom a film director making a cinema -verite documentary about her .
a boy develops a disease so rare that nobody is working on a cure so his father decides to learn all about it and tackle the problem himself .
her lover has never taken a dangerous risk in his life . she has been for seven years and is going to get married next month . one day she meets a handsome stranger who asked her to spend ...
a man on the run is surprised to learn that he is a knights templar and that his girlfriend is a holy virgin about to give birth to a very special baby on christmas day .
larry burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life . he believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid . one night he meets this mysterious man who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of . but as burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks ..
a false preacher ingratiates himself with a dead man 's family to find where he hid the money from a robbery .
lincoln hawk (stallone) is a struggling trucker who arm wrestles on the side to make extra cash while trying to rebuild his life . after the death of his wife he tries to make amends with his son who he left behind years earlier . upon their first meeting his son does not think too highly of him until he enters the world arm wrestling championships in las vegas . his hope is to receive the grand prize of and an expensive current custom semi -truck and thus start his own trucking company .
air travel is the safest the faa says . but the faa never figured the risk with charles rane on board . "the rane of terror " has masterminded four terrorist attacks . soon there will be a fifth -- and that 's bad news for the passengers on flight . but there 's good news too : the man in seat ! wesley snipes plays john cutter an undercover security operative who enters the lavatory and exits to find rane (bruce payne ) and his gang have taken over . cutter 's next move is clear . do . or be done to .
carolyn polhemus an up -and-comer in the kindle county d .a.'s office is found viciously murdered in her home . immediately her boss d .a. raymond horgan and his chief deputy rusty sabich start an investigation . horgan however is in the middle of a campaign to keep his job which he ultimately loses to former subordinate nico della guardia . della guardia and his new deputy tommy molto decide to prosecute sabich for carolyn 's murder when it is revealed that sabich was a former lover of polhemus . horgan also turns against his former subordinate and rusty soon realizes he has few friends left - except for sandy stern whom he has often faced on the other side of the courtroom and who will become his new defense lawyer when he is put on trial for murder . investigation by stern and his team leads them to think that rusty was framed for murder - by molto who wanted sabich 's job and was trying to punish him for backing horgan . is rusty sabich innocent ...or is he a murderer ?
the daughter of a brilliant but mentally disturbed mathematician recently deceased tries to come to grips with her possible inheritance : his insanity . complicating matters are one of her father 's ex -students who wants to search through his papers and her estranged sister who shows up to help settle his affairs .
forty -two students three days one deserted island : welcome to battle royale . a group of ninth -grade students from a japanese high school have been forced by legislation to compete in a battle royale . the students are each given a bag with a randomly selected weapon and a few rations of food and water and sent off to kill each other in a no -holds-barred (with a few minor rules ) game to the death which means that the students have three days to kill each other until one survives --or they all die . the movie focuses on a few of the students and how they cope . some decide to play the game like the psychotic kiriyama or the sexual mitsuko while others like the heroes of the movie --shuya noriko and kawada --are trying to find a way to get off the island without violence . however as the numbers dwell down lower and lower on an hourly basis is there any way for shuya and his classmates to survive ?
to satisfy his nagging parents a gay landlord and a female tenant agree to a marriage of convenience but his parents arrive to visit and things get out of hand .
rene (paolo rivero ) is supporting his ailing grandmother by running the family business . his grandmother 's friend is constantly trying to set him up with various women hoping that he 'll finally settle down . what she doesn 't know is that rene is gay and that he 's in love with his driver levi (kristoffer king ). rene is far too shy and reserved to ever admit his love but one weekend his inhibitions go away as he takes a trip to the seaside with his beloved driver who might be hiding a secret of his own . when they return to the city neither is prepared to deal with the consequences of his actions .
a high -school gym teacher has big plans for the summer but is forced to cancel them to teach a "bonehead" english class for misfit goof -off students . fortunately his unconventional brand of teaching fun field trips begins to connect with them and even inspires ardor in some .
a misfit bunch of friends come together to right the injustices which exist in a small town .
when a man dressed as a clown enters a bank and tries to rob it no one takes him seriously at start . but as this new yorker pulls this daring robbery with the help of his friends it looks like leaving the bank with all the stolen money is the easy part ! all they have to do now is make it out of the city and to the airport . they have plenty of time but its not that easy as they seem to get out of one problem only to fall into another . will they make before the cops catch up with them ?
rose is involved in a motorcycle accident and has experimental surgery performed in order to save her life . however she develops a taste for blood . her victims grow in number as well as madness turning the city into chaos .
ml is a small insignificant town where nothing ever happens where the latest trends are out of date when they get there . young elin has a bit of a bad reputation when it comes to guys but the fact is that she has never done *it*. another girl in her school agnes is in love with her but is too shy to do anything about it . for a number of reasons elin ends up at agnes ' birthday party as the only guest . they have a girl 's night out together but after that elin desperately avoids agnes refusing to even consider her own feelings toward agnes .
scott mccall was just another kid in high school . until one night his best friend stiles brings him to the woods to look for a dead body and scott is bitten by a werewolf . being a werewolf came with its perks - stronger faster new star in the lacrosse team popularity - but also made it hard to control his anger . scott has also fallen for the new girl in town allison whose dad is trying to hunt and kill scott . scott now has to try and balance his out of control life figure out how to control his new powers try not to be killed by the alpha that bit him and protect allison - and keep her from finding out his big secret .
five loosely intertwined stories of the emotional issues facing individual middle -aged angelenas are presented . in "this is dr . keener " physician elaine keener is spending the day taking care of her invalid mother at home on the nurse 's day off . elaine a scientist seeks confirmation on what may be a turning point issue in her life by an unconventional means namely a tarot card reading . although the news elaine receives through the reading is a largely accurate assessment of her current life it is the news about that crossroads issue that takes her somewhat aback . in "fantasies about rebecca " thirty -nine year old rebecca waynon is outwardly in control of her life from her job as a bank manager to her personal long term relationship with older robert . a homeless woman named nancy who hangs around outside the bank seems to have a clearer picture of what is truly happening with rebecca than rebecca herself as is witnessed by rebecca 's ultimate reaction to an action in dealing with a personal issue . in "someone for rose " divorced mother rose 's life is focused on making sure her fifteen year old son jay is turning into a respectable young man . between that and her new work as a writer of children 's books rose doesn 't seem to have time to look for love which changes when albert a dwarf moves in across the street . in "goodnight lilly goodnight christine " lesbian couple christine and lilly discuss their relationship - past present and future - as they deal with lilly 's terminal illness . and in "love waits for kathy " police detective kathy faber lives with her blind sister carol faber . although carol has an active life - social and professional the former which includes dates - and is more than capable of managing on her own as she is highly perceptive kathy under the surface treats carol with kid gloves to make sure she 's all right in dealing with life considering her physical disability . as such kathy has let her personal life largely slip by her . but is it too late for kathy ?
a fearless secret service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner .
zorg is a handyman working at in france maintaining and looking after the bungalows . he lives a quiet and peaceful life working diligently and writing in his spare time . one day betty ...
young lovers sailor and lula run from the variety of weirdos that lula 's mom has hired to kill sailor .
all three previously married but now single best friends sculptress alex medford cellist jane spofford and writer sukie ridgemont are feeling emotionally and sexually repressed in large part due to the traditional mores overriding their small new england coastal town of eastwick . after their latest conversation lamenting about the lack of suitable men in eastwick and describing the qualities they are looking for in a man mysterious daryl van horne and his equally mysterious butler fidel arrive in town . despite being vulgar crude brazen and not particularly handsome daryl manages to be able to tap into the innermost emotions of the three friends and as such manages to seduce each . in turn the three women blossom emotionally and sexually . after an incident involving one of the town 's leading citizens the ultra conservative felicia alden the three women begin to understand how and why daryl is able to mesmerize them so fully . the three decide to experiment with some powers learned indirectly from daryl so that they can hopefully regain control of their own lives .
all three previously married but now single best friends sculptress alex medford cellist jane spofford and writer sukie ridgemont are feeling emotionally and sexually repressed in large part due to the traditional mores overriding their small new england coastal town of eastwick . after their latest conversation lamenting about the lack of suitable men in eastwick and describing the qualities they are looking for in a man mysterious daryl van horne and his equally mysterious butler fidel arrive in town . despite being vulgar crude brazen and not particularly handsome daryl manages to be able to tap into the innermost emotions of the three friends and as such manages to seduce each . in turn the three women blossom emotionally and sexually . after an incident involving one of the town 's leading citizens the ultra conservative felicia alden the three women begin to understand how and why daryl is able to mesmerize them so fully . the three decide to experiment with some powers learned indirectly from daryl so that they can hopefully regain control of their own lives .
nick beam 's life couldn 't get any worse . he discovers he has been living a lie and is on the verge of a nervous breakdown . so when t . paul a carjacker attempts to rob him it is the last straw for nick . with everything to gain and nothing to lose he kidnaps t . paul and attempts to put his life back together .
a navy sailor tries to rekindle a romance with the woman he loves while on liberty in san francisco .
a performer and gambler travels to new york city to raise the he needs to marry his fiance only to become entangled with a beautiful aspiring dancer .
ruthless cop chul -joong and a merciless killer in raincoat run into each other in a small alleyway and form a fatal bond . a free -for-all fight occurs by coincidence on a rainy street . a week later the dead bodies of an old couple are discovered with multiple stab wounds . chul -joong suddenly recalls the night he met the man in the raincoat . chul -joong meets the old couple 's son cho gyoo -hwan. he has an intuition that cho is the murder but has no clue . in the meantime another murder takes place in the same fashion . the showdown between a dirty cop and a killer unfolds as things get more personal .
a financier from new york rules his numerous family consisting of his wife and his four sons with the meticulousness of a bookkeeper .
mi taylor was a young wanderer and opportunist whose father had given him "all the roads in the kingdom " to travel . one of the roads and a notation in his father 's journal leads him to the quiet english country -side home of the brown family . the youngest daughter velvet has a passion for horses and when she wins the spirited steed pie in a town lottery mi is encouraged to train the horse for the grand national - england 's greatest racing event .
film version of the musical stage play presenting the last few weeks of christ 's life told in an anachronistic manner .
judith traherne is at the height of young society when dr . frederick steele diagnoses a brain tumor . after surgery she falls in love with steele . the doctor tells her secretary that the tumor will come back and eventually kill her . learning this judith becomes manic and depressive . her horse trainer michael who loves her tells her to get as much out of life as she can . she marries steele who intends to find a cure for her illness . as he goes off to a conference in new york failing eyesight indicates to judith that she is dying .
in the notorious and violent prisoner robert franklin stroud is transferred to the leavenworth prison convicted for murdering a man . when a guard cancels the visit of his mother elizabeth stroud due to a violation of the internal rules he stabs and kills the guard and goes to trial three times . he is sentenced to be executed by the gallows but his mother appeals to president woodrow wilson who commutes his sentence to life imprisonment . however the warden harvey shoemaker decides to keep stroud in solitary for the rest of his life . one day stroud finds a sparrow that has fallen from the nest in the yard and he raises the bird until it is strong enough to fly . stroud finds a motivation for his life raising and caring for birds and becomes an expert in birds . he marries stella johnson and together they run a business providing medicine developed by stroud . but a few years after stroud is transferred to alcatraz and has to leave his birds behind .
a few decades after the destruction of the inca empire a spanish expedition leaves the mountains of peru and goes down the amazon river in search of gold and wealth . soon they come across great difficulties and don aguirres a ruthless man who cares only about riches becomes their leader . but will his quest lead them to "the golden city " or to certain destruction ?
belle whose father is imprisoned by the beast offers herself instead unaware her captor to be an enchanted prince .
mekas leads an archival avant -garde a fast -paced parade of underground film people he captured on film over four decades described as portraits or rather appearances sketches and glimpses of avant -garde independent filmmakers and film activists between and . why 'birth of a nation '? because the film independents is a nation in itself . we are surrounded by commercial cinema nation same way as the indigenous people of the united states or of any other country are surrounded by the ruling powers . we are the invisible but essential nation of cinema . we are the cinema ."
juliet lives in a beautiful house by the ocean . her sisters and especially her mother overshadow her with their beauty . she is a spiritual superstitious and naive woman . she visits a psychic seer who tells her she must follow the sex trade in order to be happy . not long after she meets her eccentric and sexy neighbour suzy who by all counts appears to be a high class prostitute and encourages juilet into sexual acts which make her guilty and nervous . a rare night when her husband is at home she wakes up to catch him talking to another woman on the phone . he calls out the name "gabriella" while sleeping but when she questions him he lies his way out of it . she finds out who gabriella is and fears her husband will leave her . juliet begins having visions who accuse and terrorize her . the pinnacle of the visions comes at the end where it is implied she realizes she would be better off without her husband and is ultimately emotionally emancipated .
in a huge old -fashioned luxury hotel a stranger tries to persuade a married woman to run away with him but it seems she hardly remembers the affair they may have had (or not ?) last year at marienbad .
macbeth the thane of glamis receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become king of scotland . consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife macbeth murders his king and takes the throne for himself .
fourteen years after starting his cattle ranch in texas tom dunston is finally ready to drive his head of cattle to market . back then dunston his sidekick nadine groot and a teen -aged boy matt garth -who was the only survivor of an indian attack on a wagon train - started off with only two head of cattle . the nearest market however is in missouri a miles away . dunston is a hard task master demanding a great deal from the men who have signed up for the drive . matt is a grown man now and fought in the civil war . he has his own mind as well and he soon runs up against the stubborn dunston who won 't listen to advice from anyone . soon the men on the drive are taking sides and matt ends up in charge with dunston vowing to kill him .
mabel a wife and mother is loved by her husband nick but her madness proves to be a problem in the marriage . the film transpires to a positive role of madness in the family challenging conventional representations of madness in cinema .
a simple stagecoach trip is complicated by the fact that geronimo is on the warpath in the area . the passengers on the coach include a drunken doctor two women a bank manager who has taken off with his client 's money and the famous ringo kid among others .
adrian goes on a quest with his best friend to meet his father .
a hapless carnival performer masquerades as the court jester as part of a plot against an evil ruler who has overthrown the rightful king .
high profile san francisco police lieutenant frank bullitt is asked personally by ambitious walter chalmers who is in town to hold a us senate subcommittee hearing on organized crime to guard johnny ross a chicago based mobster who is about to turn evidence against the organization at the hearing . chalmers wants ross ' safety at all cost or else bullitt will pay the consequences . bullitt and his team of sergeant delgetti and detective carl stanton have ross in protective custody for hours over the weekend until ross provides his testimony that upcoming monday . bullitt 's immediate superior captain samuel bennet gives bullitt full authority to lead the case no questions asked for any move bullitt makes . when an incident occurs early during their watch bullitt is certain that ross and /or chalmers are not telling them the full story to protect ross properly . without telling bennet or an incensed chalmers bullitt clandestinely moves ross while he tries to find out who is after ross and why ross has seemingly made it so easy for "them" to find him . as bullitt enlists the help of his live -in artist girlfriend cathy over the weekend and as she sees for the first time with what he deals every day she wonders if he is indeed the man with whom she should be .
in louisiana a free -spirited southern belle loses her fianc due to her stubborn vanity and pride and vows to win him back .
renowned broadway producer /director julian marsh is hired to put together a new musical revue . it 's being financed by abner dillon to provide a starring vehicle for his girlfriend songstress dorothy brock . marsh who is quite ill is a difficult task master working long hours and continually pushing the cast to do better . when brock breaks her ankle one of the chorus girls peggy sawyer gets her big chance to be the star . she also finds romance along the way .
the bold tira works as dancing beauty and lion tamer at a fair . out of an urgent need of money she agrees to a risky new number : she 'll put her head into a lion 's muzzle ! with this attraction the circus makes it to new york and tira can persue her dearest occupation : flirting with rich men and accepting expensive presents . among the guys she searches the love of her life from whom she only knows from a fortune -teller that he 'll be rich and have black hair . when she finally meets him she becomes a victim of intrigue .
a rich businessman and a young woman are attracted to each other but he only wants an affair while she wants to save her virginity for marriage .
jessica lange stunningly portrays patsy cline the velvet -voiced country music singer who died in a tragic plane crash at the height of her fame .
a young black male 's reality is shifted as he perpetually relives his 'unseen' death .
a hypochondriac believes he is dying and makes plans for his wife which she discovers and misunderstands .
the snobbish & intellectual professor of languages henry higgins makes a bet with his friend that he can take a london flower seller eliza doolittle from the gutters and pass her off as a society lady . however he discovers that this involves dealing with a human being with ideas of her own .
cultural mistrust and false accusations doom a friendship in british colonial india between an indian doctor an englishwoman engaged to marry a city magistrate and an english educator .
in the heady atmosphere of rio 's carnival two people meet and fall in love . eurydice a country girl has run away from home to avoid a man who arrived at her her looking for her . she is convinced that he was going to kill her . she arrives in rio to stay with her cousin serafina . orfeo works as a tram conductor and is engaged to mira - as far as mira is concerned anyways . as eurydice and orpheus get to know one another they fall deeply in love . mira is mad with jealousy and when eurydice disappears orfeo sets out to find her .
a series of comedic and nostalgic vignettes set in a italian coastal town .
a defense officer nameless was summoned by the king of qin regarding his success of terminating three warriors .
quincy adams wagstaff the new president of huxley university hires bumblers baravelli and pinky to help his school win the big football game against rival darwin university .
an unsuccessful photojournalist nate larchwood tags along with his best friend and photographer sean kissinger to a quarantined island . the plan is to be the first to take photos of a fierce epidemic that has plagued the island population . the disease causes those infected to be permanently in a state of murderous fury ; attacking all of those not infected . in order to get to the island they need ben potter an opportunist with motives of his own .
theresa is a successful teacher of deaf children during the day but after a short unhappy affair starts to spend her nights cruising bars . her craving first for sex but later also for drugs leads into increasingly demeaning and dangerous situations completely at odds with her daytime commitment to her children .
portrait of andy goldsworthy an artist whose specialty is ephemeral sculptures made from elements of nature .
warrior /pacifist princess nausica desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet .
a young doctor causes a traffic accident in a small town and is sentenced to work for some days at the town hospital .
friday and streebek are assigned to some very strange robberies like i .e. the stealing of one bat a foot long snake and the mane of a lion from a zoo . all the latest bait magazines were also recently stolen and some chemicals that when are mixed correctly develops a very deadly gas . all these thefts have one thing in common ; visit cards with the word "pagan" left at the crime scenes . solving these crimes including why plenty of police vehicles have been stolen lately involves the usual ; to drink coffee at strip tease bars rescue kidnapped virgins from drowning and lose their jobs .
hysteria grips california in the wake of the bombing of pearl harbor . an assorted group of defenders attempt to make the coast defensible against an imagined japanese invasion in this big budget big cast comedy . members of a japanese submarine crew scout out the madness along with a captain in germany 's kreigsmarine (navy).
a shy san francisco librarian and a bumbling cop fall in love as they solve a crime involving albinos dwarves and the catholic church .
a special agent assigned to protect a wealthy business magnate . however when the businessman is kidnapped in a daring ambush he teams up with a seasoned detective to crack the case . but soon he discovers the case isn 't that simple .
a blind sculpter kidnaps a beautiful young model and takes her back to his home . he and his mother live in a warehouse that he has turned into a surreal tribute to the senses . it is filled with huge sculptures of body parts and the female form . he is obsessed with exploring the senses to the fullest . at first the model only wants to escape from this bizarre scene but eventually she succumbs to his strange vision and even surpasses his obsession .
set in the wake of the easter rising a married woman in a small irish village has an affair with a troubled british officer .
a psychic who can read minds picks up the thoughts of a murderer in the audience and soon becomes a victim . an english pianist gets involved in solving the murders but finds many of his avenues of inquiry cut off by new murders and he begins to wonder how the murderer can track his movements so closely .
the wife and mistress of a sadistic boarding school headmaster plot to kill him . they drown him in the bathtub and dump the body in the school 's filthy swimming pool ... but when the pool is drained the body has disappeared - and subsequent reported sightings of the headmaster slowly drive his 'killers' (and the audience ) up the wall with almost unbearable suspense ...
when dan o 'grady returns to the u .s. after stealing some irish leprechaun 's pot of gold he thinks he can settle down and enjoy his newfound wealth . he thought wrong . the leprechaun followed him and o 'grady barely gets away with his life having locked the little monster in his basement . ten years later j .d. and his spoiled daughter tory move in . by accident the leprechaun is released and almost immediately the annoying creature starts to look for his gold not displaying any respect for human life .
when a woman attempts to kill her uncaring husband prosecutor adam bonner gets the case . unfortunately for him his wife amanda (who happens to be a lawyer too ) decides to defend the woman in court . amanda uses everything she can to win the case and adam gets mad about it . as a result their perfect marriage is disturbed by everyday quarrels ...
during the latter part of world war i private charles plumpick is chosen to go into the french town of marville and disconnect a bomb that the german army has planted . however charles is ...
after developing an addiction to the substance he uses to kill bugs an exterminator accidentally murders his wife and becomes involved in a secret government plot being orchestrated by giant bugs in a port town in north africa .
as the seasons change in a connecticut town two men of different age and backgrounds who work together outdoors for the local park system share thoughts and feelings that gradually deepen ...
cosmo vitelli owns the crazy horse west a strip joint in california . he 's laconic a korean war vet and a gambler . when we meet him he 's making his last payment on a gambling debt . then he promptly loses playing poker at an illegal local casino . the guys he owes this time aren 't so friendly pressuring him for immediate payment . then they suggest that he kill a chinese bookie to wipe off the debt . vitelli and the film move back and forth between the double -crossing murderous insincerity of the gamblers and the friendships sweetness and even love among vitelli the dancers a dancer 's mother and the club 's singer mr . sophistication .
young attractive and vivacious model diana scott is firmly decided to become rich and famous as well . to succeed she does not hesitate to take bold steps . after a while she literally strikes gold : she meets robert gold a well -known tv journalist who not only introduces her into new social and professional circles but also abandons his family to live with her . diana seems to have happily combined success and love . however in those roaring sixties others are ready to offer her even more money fame and seemingly fun than robert can ...
the hunter family has long owned a mansion on pine island a summer resort located off the maine coast . bart hunter 's now deceased father was able to open the mansion for free when bart was younger but current owner bart a drunkard and weak man must now live there year round for financial survival with his wife sylvia and their late teen -aged son johnny the family who are barely able to eke out a living with the mansion now as a year -round inn which is in an extreme state of disrepair . bart and sylvia are in a quietly unhappy marriage due largely to bart 's drinking . the buffalo -based jorgensons - husband ken jorgenson his wife helen jorgenson and their late teen -aged daughter molly jorgenson - have rented rooms at the inn for the summer while ken looks for a summer house on the island . ken lived on the island twenty years ago he actually a working class lifeguard for bart 's father at that time . ken is now a self -made millionaire as a research scientist who had never been back to the island until now . ken and helen too are in an unsatisfying marriage helen a shrew and prude who seems to hate and mistrust anything and everything including her husband and daughter . helen only seems concerned with public perception that their lives are perfect . upon first meeting johnny and molly fall in love . meanwhile ken and sylvia rekindle a romance from twenty years earlier they uncertain if bart knew at the time of their relationship which did not last because of the differences in their social background . the two romances have a rocky road to potential happiness . helen does not trust either johnny or molly to be morally proper . ken and sylvia know that their respective spouses will never consent to divorce and if they do will do whatever they can so that they will never get to see their children again . and despite knowing that their respective parents are unhappy in their marriages johnny and molly do not approve of a liaison between his mother and her father . regardless ken and sylvia want to provide their children with as much love and guidance as possible including encouraging them to follow their hearts while not getting into trouble a message which may not be heard if only because of johnny and molly believing that what they are doing is disgusting and because of johnny and molly 's own raging hormones .
a sly business manager and two wacky friends of two opera singers help them achieve success while humiliating their stuffy and snobbish enemies .
after being discharged from the army antoine doinel centers a screwball comedy where he applies for different jobs and tries to make sense of his relationships with women .
substitute teacher glen hopkins finds himself as an unwanted addition to a high school 's faculty . with high hopes of changing student 's lives for the better glen is shot down by teachers ...
following the tragic death of their five -year-old son frankie irish couple johnny and sarah sullivan and their remaining two offspring year old christy sullivan and year old ariel sullivan emigrate illegally to the united states via canada with little in their pockets . their final destination is manhattan where johnny hopes to work as a stage actor . they move into a unit in a run town tenement housed primarily with drug addicts transvestites and one tenant coined "the man who screams ". they do whatever they can to eke out a supportive family environment in this difficult situation the support which ultimately extends to those around them most specifically "the screamer " who turns out to be an african -american artist named mateo with aids . but the memory of frankie hangs over the family in good and bad ways especially as sarah learns she 's pregnant . christy who records their life 's goings -on with her beloved camcorder believes that the angel of frankie has granted her three wishes which she guards until absolutely needed .
honey daniels is a -year-old sexy tough -minded part -black part -latina hip -hop dancer in new york 's east harlem who dreams of making it big as a music video choreographer . she teaches hip -hop dancing at a local youth center and encourages the local kids to attend to keep them off the streets and out of trouble . when luck shines on honey in the form of a famous music video director named michael who casts her in one music video she 's encouraged to make the transition from dancer to choreographer . but honey 's sudden success comes with a price when michael refuses to take "no" for an answer to his sexual advances and then tries to sabotage her career by blackballing her out of the business .
in the captain nathan algren a cynical veteran of the american civil war who will work for anyone is hired by americans who want lucrative contracts with the emperor of japan to train the peasant conscripts for the first standing imperial army in modern warfare using firearms . the imperial omura cabinet 's first priority is to repress a rebellion of traditionalist samurai -hereditary warriors - who remain devoted to the sacred dynasty but reject the westernizing policy and even refuse firearms . yet when his ill -prepared superior force sets out too soon their panic allows the sword -wielding samurai to crush them . badly wounded algren 's courageous stand makes the samurai leader katsumoto spare his life ; once nursed to health he learns to know and respect the old japanese way and participates as advisor in katsumoto 's failed attempt to save the bushido tradition but omura gets repressive laws enacted - he must now choose to honor his loyalty to one of the embittered sides when the conflict returns to the battlefield ...
united press international journalist will bloom and his french freelance photojournalist wife josephine bloom who is pregnant with their first child leave their paris base to return to will 's hometown of ashton alabama on the news that his father edward bloom stricken with cancer will soon die he being taken off chemotherapy treatment . although connected indirectly through will 's mother /edward's wife sandra bloom will has been estranged from his father for three years since his and josephine 's wedding . will 's issue with his father is the fanciful tales edward has told of his life all his life not only to will but the whole world . as a child when edward was largely absent as a traveling salesman will believed those stories but now realizes that he does not know his father who as he continues to tell these stories he will never get to know unless edward comes clean with the truth before he dies . on the brink of his own family life beginning will does not want to be the kind of father edward has been to him . one of those stories from edward 's childhood - that he saw his own death in the glass eye of a witch - led to him embracing life since he would not have to fear death knowing when and how it would eventually come . the question is whether will will be able to reconcile edward 's stories against his real life either directly from edward before he dies and /or from other sources and thus allow will to come to a new understanding of himself and his life past present and future .
harry sanborn is an aged music industry exec with a fondness for younger women like marin his latest trophy girlfriend . things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin 's mother erica . left in the care of erica and his doctor a love triangle starts to take shape .
bob and walt tenor are twin brothers who not only share a passion for life but also a liver . thanks to their teamwork being conjoined twins is not a handicap to them . but when walt 's dreams of stardom of acting on the screen and bob 's shyness clashes they both begin to fall out . this doesn 't help when bob 's internet girl arrives in town unaware of their handicap and when walt gains his own tv show with cher .
a young peasant maid working in the house of painter johannes vermeer becomes his talented assistant and the model for one of his most famous works .
tale of a former nazi executioner who becomes a target of hit men and police investigators .
while frodo and sam now accompanied by a new guide continue their hopeless journey towards the land of shadow to destroy the one ring each member of the broken fellowship plays their part in the battle against the evil wizard saruman and his armies of isengard .
katherine ann watson has accepted a position teaching art history at the prestigious wellesley college . watson is a very modern woman particularly for the and has a passion not only for art but for her students . for the most part the students all seem to be biding their time waiting to find the right man to marry . the students are all very bright and watson feels they are not reaching their potential . altough a strong bond is formed between teacher and student watson 's views are incompatible with the dominant culture of the college .
a women 's institute chapter 's fundraising effort for a local hospital by posing nude for a calendar becomes a media sensation .
the story of america as seen through the eyes of the former secretary of defense under president john f . kennedy and president lyndon johnson robert mcnamara .
an abandoned wife is evicted from her house and starts a tragic conflict with her home 's new owners .
the true story of serial killer aileen wuernos who was convicted of luring men to their death and eventually executed in . in she was working as a prostitute and finally makes a friend when she meets and begins a relationship with a young woman selby . determined to straighten out her life she tries to find legitimate work but with little education and limited social skills she fails at every turn . she starts working as a hooker hitching rides along the local interstate highway and after robbing a few clients has an encounter with a vicious client whom she kills in self -defense. after that however she just takes to killing clients taking their money and car . once arrested she claims self -defense but is eventually convicted .
the bakers a family of move from small -town illinois to the big city after tom baker gets his dream job to coach his alma mater 's football team . meanwhile his wife also gets her dream of getting her book published . while she 's away promoting the book tom has a hard time keeping the house in order while at the same time coaching his football team as the once happy family starts falling apart .
this civil war saga addresses romance friendship and the ravages of war --both in the field and on the home front . captures the horrors of war for both those fighting it and for those left behind . this is a tale of hope longing redemption second chances and faith .
what seemed like a breezy idea for an engineer to net him millions of dollars leaves him on the run for his life and piecing together why he 's being chased .
an adaptation of j . m . barrie 's story about a boy who never grew up . the three children of the darling family receive a visit from peter pan who takes them to never land where an ongoing war between peter 's gang of rag -tag runaways and the evil pirate captain hook is taking place .
a small -time gangster named chandu teams up with malik a low -level enforcer for a criminal syndicate . together they eliminate all their enemies becoming the most feared gangsters in mumbai .
nick broomfield 's second documentary on aileen carol wuornos a highway prostitute who was executed in for killing six men in the state of florida . this second installment includes the filmmaker 's testimony at wournous 's trial .
after his wife leaves him a photographer has an existential crisis and tries to cope with his cousin 's visit .
reuben feffer thinks he 's found the love of his life but on his honeymoon he discovers her cheating on him with a scuba instructor . reuben travels back home to get his life on track . on a night out with best pal sandy lyle reuben discovers an old school friend polly prince . reuben feels a connection straight away and tries constantly to get her to like him . but it 's not going to be easy for reuben especially when he spends his days calculating risks and when someone unexpected turns up .
the taliban are ruling afghanistan they being a repressive regime especially for women who among other things are not allowed to work . this situation is especially difficult for one ...
an adaptation of f . scott fitzgerald 's long island -set novel where midwesterner nick carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor jay gatsby . soon enough however carraway will see through the cracks of gatsby 's nouveau riche existence where obsession madness and tragedy await .
the story of unfortunate lovers heathcliff and cathy who despite a deep affection for one another are forced by circumstance and prejudice to live their apart . heathcliff and cathy first meet as children when her father brings the abandoned boy to live with them . when the old man dies several years later cathy 's brother now the master of the estate turns heathcliff out forcing him to live with the servants and working as a stable boy . the barrier of class comes between them and she eventually marries a rich neighbor mr . edgar linton at which point heathcliff disappears . he returns several years later now a rich man but little can be done .
dave burke is looking to hire two men to assist him in a bank raid : earle slater a white ex -convict and johnny ingram a black gambler . both are reluctant ; but burke arranges for ingram 's creditors to put pressure on him while slater feels humiliated by his failure to provide for his girlfriend ; they eventually accept . but slater loathes and despises blacks and the tensions in the gang rapidly mount .
high -school senior barbara ann greene has a lot to overcome to reach her dreams to be popular get a job find a husband and maybe even be a movie star : she 's poor her parents are divorced and her mother is a cocktail waitress . right beside her though is her best friend and svengali alan . he helps her get cashmere sweaters a job in the principal 's office spring break at balboa and more . along the way the satire bites teen mores beach -blanket bikini movies adults in charge the country -club set christian -youth programs older men 's fantasies and teen girls ' innocence . how popular will barbara ann become and what lengths will alan go to get her there ?
phoebe and fellow american julian peters meet in rome find a lost dog and agree to return it to monte carlo to split the five thousand dollar reward . discovering the dog 's owner dead they panic and become fugitives . other victims of misfortune also become suspects as the plot twists and luck and judgment desert everyone .
brash nyc policeman officer gunther toody is partnered with stiff by -the-book officer francis muldoon to protect an important mafia witness prior to testifying against orgainzed crime in ...
a mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he 's hiding a terrible secret .
ex -special forces soldier louis stevens returns to miami to find his former high school overrun by drugs and violence . a master of the brazilian martial art capoeira stevens pledges to ...
a vulgar private detective is hired to find a missing groupie and is drawn into a mystery involving a series of murders tied to the music industry .
tommy a mafia enforcer returns home to discover that his once loyal family has betrayed him . now setting out on a path of retribution tommy constructs a violent plan to put all the "dogs" down in the family and end the violent bloodbath .
in rural texas welder and hunter llewelyn moss (josh brolin ) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong . rather than report the discovery to the police moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself . this puts the psychopathic killer anton chigurh (javier bardem ) on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money . as moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as chigurh closes in . meanwhile the laconic sherrif ed tom bell (tommy lee jones ) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart .
a womanizer meets his match when he falls for a woman in debt to the mafia .
award -winning comedy about a lonely young man who finds himself at a restaurant with two strangers and his best friend .
at first gas station attendant poet is happy when the rockers gang "hell's angels " finally accepts him . but he 's shocked when he learns how brutal they are - not even murder is a taboo to them . he gets himself in trouble when the leader 's girlfriend falls in love with him - and he welcomes her approaches .
monsieur hulot 's brother -in-law is the manager of a factory where plastics are manufactured . his nephew grows up in a house where everything is fully automated and the boy is raised in a similar fashion . to take away the influence of the uncle on his son his brother -in-law gets hulot a job in his factory .
four very different college girls drive to fort lauderdale florida for spring break and seek out various adventures and romance for themselves .
based on the story by robert louis stevenson dr . henry jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side . he believes that by separating the two man can become liberated . he succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into hyde to commit horrendous crimes . when he discontinues use of the drug it is already too late ...
wyatt earp and his brothers morgan and virgil ride into tombstone and leave brother james in charge of their cattle herd . on their return they find their cattle stolen and james dead . wyatt takes on the job of town marshal making his brothers deputies and vows to stay in tombstone until james ' killers are found . he soon runs into the brooding coughing hard -drinking doc holliday as well as the sullen and vicious clanton clan . wyatt discovers the owner of a trinket stolen from james ' dead body and the stage is set for the earps ' long -awaited revenge .
successful and well -liked dr . noah praetorius becomes the victim of a witch hunt at the hands of professor elwell who disdains praetorius 's unorthodox medical views and also questions his relationship with the mysterious ever -present mr . shunderson . fuel is added to the fire when praetorius befriends young deborah higgins who has become suicidal at the prospect of having a baby by her ex boyfriend a military reservist who was called up for service in the korean war and killed in action .
captain henri rochard is a french officer assigned to work with lieut . catherine gates . through a wacky series of misadventures they fall in love and marry . when the war ends capt . ...
during world war ii american expatriate harry morgan helps transport a french resistance leader and his beautiful wife to martinique while romancing a sensuous lounge singer .
after being released from prison notorious thief roy earle is hired by his old boss to help a group of inexperienced criminals plan and carry out the robbery of a california resort .
bogart plays a man convicted of murdering his wife who escapes from prison in order to prove his innocence . bogart finds that his features are too well known and is forced to seek some illicit backroom plastic surgery . the entire pre -knife part of the film is shot from a bogart 's-eye-view with us seeing the fugitive for the first time as he starts to recuperate from the operation in the apartment of a sympathetic young artist (played by bacall ) for whom he soon finds affection . but what he 's really after is revenge .
brothers paul and joe fabrini run a trucking business in california mainly shipping fruit from farms to the markets in los angeles . they struggle to make ends meet in the face of corrupt businessmen and intense competition . they are forced into driving long hours and one night pick -up waitress cassie hartley who 's just quit her job at a truck stop . the three of them witness the death of a mutual acquaintance when he falls asleep at the wheel . this has a profound effect on paul and joe and they become determined to find a way to make the business pay so they can quit .
propaganda film that relates the story as told by high school principal dr . carroll to parents at a pta meeting of the scourge of marijuana . the tale revolves around mae and jack accomplices in the distribution of marijuana who manage to entice the local high school kids to stop by mae 's apartment to smoke reefer . the lives of all who are involved with this menace are inevitably shattered . one man becomes so addicted to the killer weed that the guilt over framing a teen for murder causes a judge to order him to be committed for life to a mental hospital ! dr . carroll closes by advising us to not incur the same tragedy .
dexter cornell an english professor becomes embroiled in a series of murders involving people around him . dexter has good reason to want to find the murderer but hasn 't much time . he finds help and comfort from one of his students sydney fuller .
a comic strip vamp seeks to seduce her cartoonist creator in order to cross over into the real world .
when a yakuza boss named anjo disappears with million yen his chief henchman a sadomasochistic man named kakihara and the rest of his mob goons go looking for him . after capturing and torturing a rival yakuza member looking for answers they soon realize they have the wrong man and begin looking for the man named jijii who tipped them off in the first place . soon enough kakihara and his men encounter ichi a psychotic sexually -repressed young man with amazing martial arts abilities and blades that come out of his shoes . one by one ichi takes out members of the yakuza and all the while kakihara intensifies his pursuit of ichi and ichi 's controller jijii . what will happen as the final showdown happens between the tortured and ultra -violent ichi and the pain -craving kakihara ?
a post -apocalyptic tale based on a novella by harlan ellison . a boy communicates telepathically with his dog as they scavenge for food and sex and they stumble into an underground society where the old society is preserved . the daughter of one of the leaders of the community seduces and lures him below where the citizens have become unable to reproduce because of being underground so long . they use him for impregnation purposes and then plan to be rid of him .
during the german occupation noble bourgeois and worker 's partisan groups lived in peace with another . on the first day of freedom they start to fight each other . in these fights is weaved a most tender love story .
the head girl justine gives a speech on the funeral of the teenage schoolmate darren mullet that has just committed suicide but she does not recall who he was . then she is invited by alexis to date him in the celebration party in the house of his friend bradley . sooner justine discovers that darren had a crush on her and was bullied by bradley and his friends including alexis . when each one of bradley 's friends is found dead they discover that darren has returned from beyond to revenge the humiliations he was submitted .
an eccentric professor invents wacky machinery but can 't seem to make ends meet . when he invents a revolutionary car a foreign government becomes interested in it and resorts to skulduggery to get their hands on it .
during the century as thailand contends with both a civil war and burmese invasion a beautiful princess rises up to help protect the glory of the kingdom of ayothaya . based on the life of queen suriyothai .
george and gwen kellerman live in the small quiet town of twin oaks ohio with their two young children and pet dog . george has a strong sense of what is right and wrong especially as it applies to himself and gwen but he still looks to her for validation . working for a plastics company george believes he is a shoo -in for the company 's vice -president of sales new york division job a position located in new york city . george is looking forward to their future life in new york city with all the amenities and benefits living in the big city has to offer . for george 's am interview george and gwen plan on taking a flight that lands in new york at pm the evening before which gives them time for dinner at new york 's finest restaurant the four seasons and a comfortable night 's stay at the waldorf -astoria hotel before the interview . but nothing on this trip goes according to plan . in fact what can go wrong does . because of circumstances it even looks as if george may miss his interview . as the fifteen hours preceding the planned interview progress george and gwen have to decide if they are going to let new york get the better of them or if they are going to get the better of new york .
evan treborn suffers blackouts during significant events of his life . as he grows up he finds a way to remember these lost memories and a supernatural way to alter his life by reading his journal .
rosalee futch is a grocery clerk living in rural west virginia . but even a small -town girl can have big dreams and rosalee 's is to someday --somehow--meet her big -screen idol tad hamilton . the somehow arrives in the form of a contest --the grand prize : a date with tad hamilton --and the someday is now . rosalee wins much to the chagrin of her best friend and co -worker pete who is deeply hopelessly --and secretly --in love with rosalee . the win a date contest was cooked up by tad 's agent richard levy and his manager also named richard levy to clean up tad 's bad -boy image . someone should have told them to be careful what you wish for . when tad meets rosalee and gets a taste of what he 's been missing in the real world he decides he wants seconds and moves to west virginia turning rosalee 's dream come true into a nightmare for richard levy richard levy and most of all pete .
in the mid two young climbers attempted to reach the summit of siula grande in peru ; a feat that had previously been attempted but never achieved . with an extra man looking after base camp simon and joe set off to scale the mount in one long push over several days . the peak is reached within three days however on the descent joe falls and breaks his leg . despite what it means the two continue with simon letting joe out on a rope for meters then descending to join him and so on . however when joe goes out over an overhang with no way of climbing back up simon makes the decision to cut the rope . joe falls into a crevasse and simon assuming him dead continues back down . joe however survives the fall and was lucky to hit a ledge in the crevasse . this is the story of how he got back down .
jack ryan a charming but mischievous kid with a history of small cons never nasty as he always approaches life from the pleasant side goes to surfers paradise hawai where dodgy district judge walter crewes enlists him to get to real big criminals . jack finds himself teaming up in bed and thieving 'business' with nancy hayes the greedy mistress of evil hotel magnate ray ritchie and his dumb lieutenant bob rogers jr . and a real temptress gold -digger but is about the only one without an hidden agenda ...
a promiscuous gay party animal falls for a young mormon missionary leading to crisis clich and catastrophe .
the inspiring story of the team that transcended its sport and united a nation with a new feeling of hope . based on the true story of one of the greatest moments in sports history the tale captures a time and place where differences could be settled by games and a cold war could be put on ice . in the united states ice hockey team 's coach herb brooks took a ragtag squad of college kids up against the legendary juggernaut from the soviet union at the olympic games . despite the long odds team usa carried the pride of a nation yearning from a distraction from world events . with the world watching the team rose to the occasion prompting broadcaster al michaels ' now famous question to the millions viewing at home : do you believe in miracles ? yes !
a bittersweet satire about hollywood 's bottomless capacity for corruption dreamers follows the travails of two friends who leave their small tennessee town for tinseltown . opening with a view of hollywood through the lens of an asian tourist 's video camera accompanied by the movie -loving tourist 's ramblings the film cuts to jefferson city tennessee where two boys indulge in fantasies of fleeing to l .a. several years later one of those boys dave is heading west to join his childhood friend ethan in hollywood . ethan has spent the past five years trying unsuccessfully to finish his untitled film scraping together a living as an amway salesman and construction worker . following his arrival dave finds brief work on a porn set before being fired and as part of an attempt to help ethan find funding for his movie loses his virginity to a lusty beverly hills housewife .
a dedicated scientist aided by his clueless wife rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster curious space aliens an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send -up of the best of the b movies of the 's.
the daily routine of cocaine dealer priest who wants to score one more super deal and retire .
white kids get lost in the hood looking for da hip hop witch a year later their footage was found .
jack and kay walsh are typical of many couples of the where he is the breadwinner and she the housewife dependent upon him to do the man 's duties around the house . jack believes one of their neighbors in the housing complex in which they live in los angeles is white trash - he letting her know so at every opportunity while kay is quietly curious about her . that neighbor is streetwise hazel zanussi an aspiring singer who does get a chance to sing on occasion at the club managed by her casual boyfriend biscuits toohey although he relegates her to being one of the taxi dancers more often against her wants while he cheats on her behind her back despite truly having feelings for her . hazel just wants to make an honest living . their worlds are turned upside down on december when the us enters wwii with the japanese bombing of pearl harbor . jack immediately enlists in the navy and while he will send money home his decision leaves kay largely to fend for herself . against what she knows are jack 's wishes kay decides to follow the request made by the government to the female population to do their part in the war effort by getting an assembly line job at a factory in kay 's case as a riveter at santa monica -based macbride a military aircraft manufacturer . hazel too gets a job there . despite a rocky start based on how hazel knows jack feels about her kay and hazel become best friends in the process largely in their and their fellow female employees needing to stand up to the taunts by their less than enthusiastic male colleagues . working for a living and having hazel as a friend results in kay standing on her own two feet for the first time including making important decisions on her own . kay is pursued romantically by their line leadman lucky lockhart who sees himself more as a musician a trumpeter than a factory worker . kay has to decide how far to go with lucky to whom she is admittedly attracted but she does not want to betray jack especially due to the reason for his absence . with all these issues going on in kay 's life she will be tested to see if she can go back to her previous life in all its aspects if and when jack makes it home especially after the war .
at the edge of adolescence tracy is a smart straight -a student --if not a little naive (it seems ...she smokes and she cuts to alleviate the emotional pain she suffers from having a broken home and hating her mom 's boyfriend brady .) when she befriends evie the most popular and beautiful girl in school evie leads tracy down a path of sex drugs and petty crime (like stealing money from purses and from stores ). as tracy transforms herself and her identity her world becomes a boiling emotional cauldron fueled by new tensions between her and her mother --as well as teachers and old friends .
henry roth lives in a hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached . this is until he meets lucy whitmore . both henry and lucy enjoy the company of each other and feel the start of a serious relationship occurring . approaching lucy the next day henry is confused when lucy fails to recognize him . this is the moment henry discovers that lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and can 't remember each individual day . henry won 't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again each and every day .
a us president who has retired after two terms in office returns to his hometown of mooseport maine and decides to run for mayor against another local candidate .
in a street called blue in a very poor neighborhood in paris monsieur ibrahim is an old muslim turkish owner of a small market . he becomes friend of the teenager jewish moises tenderly nicknamed momo who lives with his father in a small apartment on the other side of the street . monsieur ibrahim gives paternal love and teaches the knowledge of the qur 'an to the boy receiving in return love and respect .
during the car delivery driver kowalski delivers hot rods in record time but always runs into trouble with the highway cops .
in bagdad the young and naive sultan ahmad is curious about the behavior of his people . the grand vizier jaffar convinces ahmad to walk through the city disguised as a subject to know his people . then he seizes the power telling to the inhabitants that ahmad has died while he sends his army to arrest the sultan that is thrown into the dungeons and sentenced to death . ahmad befriends the young thief abu that helps him to escape from the prison . they flee to basra and plan to travel abroad with sinbad . however ahmad stumbles upon the beautiful princess and they fall in love with each other . but the evil jaffar has also traveled to basra to propose to marry the princess . when they see each other jaffar uses magic to blind ahmad and turn abu into a dog . is their love doomed ?
harrowing story of a young jewish girl who with her family and their friends is forced into hiding in an attic in nazi -occupied amsterdam .
catherine is a black widow . "she mates and then she kills ". black widow is the story of a lady (catherine) who marries lonely millionaires waits until they 've changed their will to leave all to their beloved wives and then murders them to inherit the fortune . with each man catherine marries she changes her appearance to suit the mans personality . only there 's one problem . alexandra is a smart cookie and has found a link between these unexplained mysterious deaths and the partners wives . but now her only problem is proving that a killer is on the loose and saving herself from the deadly black widow .
a convict takes up boxing in prison and this brings a new meaning to his life . once out his trainer motivates him to become a professional boxer . he cares about only two other things his uncomfortably close mother and absent father .
allan quatermain is a fortune hunter who is convinced by jesse huston to help her find her father who 's been lost somewhere in the african jungle during his last exploration .
a nobleman vows to avenge the death of his father at the hands of pirates . to this end he infiltrates the pirate band . acting in character he is instrumental in the capture of a ship but things are complicated when he finds that there is a young woman on board whom he wishes to protect from the threat of rape .
story of a young lawyer in tehran in search of a visa to leave the country which is what mohammad rasoulof did during the winter of
claude codgen bob purvey and mary lou mcginnis are a trio of eager and intrepid young surfers who form a group called the surf corps so they can travel all over the world in search of fun thrills and waves . their eventful and adventurous odyssey takes them to such exotic far -flung places as portugal morocco ceylon hong kong japan and hawaii .
a fictional story inspired by north america 's most famous female boxing promoter jackie kallen . her struggle to survive and succeed in a male dominated sport .
a teenage girl is convinced that her home city revolves around her until her family packs up and moves to the suburbs where she finds herself competing for attention .
ohio high school student scott thomas is a good student and nice guy - albeit a little predictable - who is about to graduate and go into pre -med. he is unceremoniously dumped by his whorish girlfriend fiona on graduation day . among the people he turns to in his hour of despair is his german pen pal mike . scott and mike seem to have a special connection . after mike makes advances to scott now that he and fiona are not seeing each other scott abruptly sends mike a message saying he never wants to hear from him again . however scott learns shorty thereafter that mike is actually a beautiful girl named mieke . by this time mieke has blocked his messages . thinking that mieke is actually who he was meant to be with scott impulsively for a change decides to go to berlin to be with her . along for the ride is scott 's best friend the girl crazy cooper harris . they manage only to get a flight into london and thus have to make their way from london to berlin . along the way in paris they run into their high school friends twins jenny and jamie who are backpacking through europe . scott and cooper consider them the most mismatched twins ever jamie who is a walking encyclopedia and jenny a girl who they treat as just one of the guys . as the four try to make their way to berlin they run into a few obstacles and few adventures . scott hopes that all these problems are worth it when he has his much hyped in his mind meeting with mieke .
a depiction of the last twelve hours in the life of jesus of nazareth on the day of his crucifixion in jerusalem . the story opens in the garden of olives where jesus has gone to pray after the last supper . betrayed by judas iscariot the controversial jesus --who has performed 'miracles' and has publicly announced that he is 'the son of god '--is arrested and taken back within the city walls of jerusalem . there the leaders of the pharisees confront him with accusations of blasphemy ; subsequently his trial results with the leaders condemning him to his death . jesus is brought before pontius pilate the roman governor of palestine for his sentencing . pilate listens to the accusations leveled at jesus by the pharisees . realizing that his own decision will cause him to become embroiled in a political conflict pilate defers to king herod in deciding the matter of how to persecute jesus . however herod returns jesus to pilate who in turn gives the crowd a choice between which prisoner they would rather to see set free --jesus or barrabas . the crowd chooses to have barrabas set free . thus jesus is handed over to the roman soldiers and is brutally flagellated . bloody and unrecognizable he is brought back before pilate who once again presents him to the thirsty crowd --assuming they will see that jesus has been punished enough . the crowd however is not satisfied . thus pilate washes his hands of the entire dilemma ordering his men to do as the crowd wishes . whipped and weakened jesus is presented with the cross and is ordered to carry it through the streets of jerusalem all the way up to golgotha . there more corporal cruelty takes place as jesus is nailed to the cross --suffering he hangs there left to die . initially in his dazed suffering jesus is alarmed that he has been abandoned by god his father . he then beseeches god . at the moment of his death nature itself over -turns.
when a serial killer interrupts the fun at the swanky coconut pete 's coconut beach resort --a hedonistic island paradise for swingers --it's up to the club 's staff to stop the violence ...or at least hide it .
spending the summer at a catskills resort with her family frances "baby" houseman falls in love with the camp 's dance instructor johnny castle .
in a down -and-out cowboy and his horse travel to arabia to compete in a deadly cross desert horse race .
two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red -and-white ford torino with the help of police snitch called huggy bear .
a young nurse alma is put in charge of elisabeth vogler : an actress who is seemingly healthy in all respects but will not talk . as they spend time together alma speaks to elisabeth constantly never receiving any answer . alma eventually confesses her secrets to a seemingly sympathetic elisabeth and finds that her own personality is being submerged into elisabeth 's persona .
this is an english language film (made in america ) adapted from a novel by german author erich maria remarque . the film follows a group of german schoolboys talked into enlisting at the beginning of world war by their jingoistic teacher . the story is told entirely through the experiences of the young german recruits and highlights the tragedy of war through the eyes of individuals . as the boys witness death and mutilation all around them any preconceptions about "the enemy " and the "rights and wrongs " of the conflict disappear leaving them angry and bewildered . this is highlighted in the scene where paul mortally wounds a french soldier and then weeps bitterly as he fights to save his life while trapped in a shell crater with the body . the film is not about heroism but about drudgery and futility and the gulf between the concept of war and the actuality .
on a crowded subway skip mccoy picks the purse of candy . among his take although he does not know it at the time is a piece of top -secret microfilm that was being passed by candy 's consort a communist agent . candy discovers the whereabouts of the film through moe williams a police informer . she attempts to seduce mccoy to recover the film . she fails to get back the film and falls in love with him . the desperate agent exterminates moe and savagely beats candy . mccoy now goaded into action confronts the agent in a particularly brutal fight in a subway .
terry griffith has got it all -- looks popularity the perfect college boyfriend and an article that 's a shoo -in to win her a summer internship at the local newspaper ... or so she thinks ....
wisconsin death trip is an intimate shocking and sometimes hilarious account of the disasters that befell one small town in wisconsin during the final decade of the century . the film ...
a writer is accused of plagiarism by a strange man who then starts haunting him for "justice."
the investigation into a kidnapping of the daughter of a high -ranking us government official .
the unexpected death of the family patriarch throws every member of the ulman clan off course . widow dafna takes to bed for three months and when she finally returns to her job at the maternity hospital she has little time for her children . eldest son yair drops out of school and adopts a fatalist attitude shutting out his siblings and girlfriend . his twin sister maya a talented musician feels the most guilt and is forced to act as a family caregiver at the expense of career opportunities . bullied at school younger son ido responds by obsessively filming himself with a video camera and attempting dangerous feats . the baby sister bar is woefully neglected . preoccupied with their own misery the family is barely a family anymore . when another tragedy strikes will they be able to support one another ?
the good -hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother wilbur . the brothers are inseparable . when in their thirties they lose ...
wayne dobie is a shy police photographer who saves the life of crime boss frank milo . greatful milo insists on being wayne 's friend offering him the companionship of "glory" one of his employees . wayne is thus in a difficult situation : he can 't be seen to be fraternising with criminals and he 's unsure about how to deal with glory .
mole 's underground home is bought by the weasels from wealthy landowner mr . toad and mole is thrown out . he and rat start to fight to get his home back from evil weasels .
a peaceful new england town hides secrets and scandals .
rosanna arquette informally interviews several contrasting actresses about how they cope with being a woman in the entertainment industry . the chauvenism of male crew is discussed the pretentiousness / stereotyping of female characters in american film now . interviews include those with alley sheedy martha plimpton debra winger emmanual beart and rosanna 's sister patricia arquette -among others . although a documentary this film seems affected arquette never has an argument never says anything bad about another actress in fact complimenting just about everyone of them as being her favourite actress .
ana goes home to her peaceful suburban residence but she is unpleasantly surprised the morning that follows when her husband is brutally attacked by her zombified neighbor . in the chaos of her once picturesque neighborhood ana flees and stumbles upon a police officer named kenneth along with more survivors who decide that their best chances of survival would be found in the deserted crossroads shopping mall . when supplies begin running low and other trapped survivors need help the group comes to the realization that they cannot stay put forever at the shopping mall and devise a plan to escape .
a man joel barish heartbroken that his girlfriend clementine underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory decides to do the same . however as he watches his memories of her fade away he realizes that he still loves her and may be too late to correct his mistake .
the film starts in the early . young martin asher took a bus for canada . he meets another teen on the bus matt soulsby . when the bus broke they decided to rent a car and drive to seattle . on the road the car gets a flat tire and matt starts changing the tire martin comments on how he and matt are about the same height and he quickly pushes matt in the way of an oncoming truck causing a huge accident where matt and the driver both die . he took matt 's guitar and left singing like matt did . twenty years later an fbi profiler illeana scott comes to canada to help hunting down a serial killer martin asher who killed multiple men and lived by their identities . martin 's mother claims that she saw martin in quebec city and she tells the police that martin is evil . the police also has an eyewitness james costa who saw asher kill his last victim ...
after his career is sidelined by an unexpected tragedy and a personal blowup a single man must take care of his precocious daughter .
a brutal live stage murder is committed on one of the hot male dancers at whats considered to be the hottest club in l .a. a place where the guys strip and the woman cheer .
when mystery inc . are guests of honor at the grand opening of the coolsville museum of criminology a masked villain shows up and creates havoc before stealing the costumes of the gang 's most notorious villains : black knight ghost pterodactyl ghost and tar monster . could it be that their nemesis mad scientist jonathan jacobo has returned and is trying to recreate their deadliest foes ? velma has a crush on the hunk / museum curator patrick wisely but why is he acting so suspicious ? the mystery gang is hard pressed to succeed this time since pesky tv reporter heather jasper -howe insists they are buffoons .
late one night a beautiful and well -dressed young woman grace arrives in the mountainous old mining town of dogville as a fugitive ; following the sound of gunshots in the distance which have been heard by tom the self -appointed moral spokesman for the town . persuaded by tom the town agree to hide grace and in return she freely helps the locals . however when the sheriff from a neighbouring town posts a missing notice advertising a reward for revealing her whereabouts the townsfolk require a better deal from grace in return for their silence ; and when the sheriff returns some weeks later with a wanted poster even though the citizens know her to be innocent of the false charges against her the town 's sense of goodness takes a sinister turn and the price of grace 's freedom becomes a workload and treatment akin to that of a slave . but grace has a deadly secret that the townsfolk will eventually encounter .
though recognized for heroism as a lad ned kelly can not escape the stigma of being the eldest of a brood sired by a known criminal . in days when an arrest equaled guilt and a conviction his unfair imprisonment for horse thievery puts him steadfast in the eyes of victorian police on the wrong side of things for life . with a sister unable to dissuade the unwanted advances of constable fitzpatrick ned his brother dan and friends joe byrne and steve hart soon find themselves labeled "an outlaw gang " by the less -than-honorable constable . it 's a designation they 're apt to live up to after ned 's mother is unfairly arrested and sentenced to three years hard labor . in retaliation the kelly gang strikes out against the oppressive victorian government with ultimately tragic results and passage into australian folklore .
in the final days of world war ii the nazis attempt to use black magic to aid their dying cause . the allies raid the camp where the ceremony is taking place but not before a demon - hellboy - has already been conjured . joining the allied forces hellboy eventually grows to adulthood serving the cause of good rather than evil .
to save their farm the resident animals go bounty hunting for a notorious outlaw .
with just weeks before their royal wedding paige and edvard find their relationship and the danish monarchy in jeopardy when an old law is brought to light stating that an unmarried heir to the throne may marry only a woman of noble blood or else he must relinquish his crown .
after eight years serving the u .s. army special forces sergeant chris vaughn returns to his hometown seeking for a job in the local mill . he is informed by sheriff stan watkins that the mill was closed three years ago and now the wild cherry casino owned by his former high school friend jay hamilton is the major source of jobs and income to the town . chris goes home and meets his best -friend ray templeton who organized a football game with their friends . after the game jay invites chris and his friends to spend the night in his casino on him but when chris finds that the casino crabs dealer is cheating with loaded dice he fights against the security men and is almost killed by them . when his nephew pete overdosed on crystal meth sold by the security men at the casino chris realizes that the town is dominated by the mobsters and the corrupt sheriff and with a huge piece of wood he breaks the casino and the criminals . he is prosecuted and in the trial he promises to the jury and to the population that if he is acquitted he would be a candidate for sheriff and clean up the town . later sheriff chris vaughn has to fight against the organized crime to keep his promise .
historical drama detailing the texas revolution before during and after the famous siege of the alamo (february -march ) where texans (american-born texans ) and tejanos (mexican-born texans ) commanded by colonel travis along with davey crockett and jim bowie were besieged in an abandoned mission outside san antonio by a mexican army of nearly men under the personal command of the dictator of mexico general santa anna as well as detailing the battle of san jacinto (april ) where general sam houston 's rag -tag army of texans took on and defeated santa anna 's army which led to the indepedence of texas .
based on gail carson levine 's award winning novel this is the story of ella a young woman who was given a "gift" of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . she must obey anything anyone tells her to do . when her mother passes away she is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . this modern -day fantasy cinderella story features fairies ogres and elves ...as well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont whom ella falls in love with . unlike cinderella though she must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her "curse" to be broken !
jimmy the tulip 's (willis) quiet new life is shaken up by his old pal oz (perry) whose wife (henstridge) has been kidnapped by a hungarian mob . the tulip and his wife jill (peet) spring into action .
a young boy accidentally discovers a deep hole in the ground where another boy is kept prisoner .
based on the classic bible story .
ana goes home to her peaceful suburban residence but she is unpleasantly surprised the morning that follows when her husband is brutally attacked by her zombified neighbor . in the chaos of her once picturesque neighborhood ana flees and stumbles upon a police officer named kenneth along with more survivors who decide that their best chances of survival would be found in the deserted crossroads shopping mall . when supplies begin running low and other trapped survivors need help the group comes to the realization that they cannot stay put forever at the shopping mall and devise a plan to escape .
in the early days of the century a british newspaper offers a prize for the winner of a cross channel air race which brings flyers from all over the world . there are many sub -plots as the flyers jockey for position and the affections of various women .
the bakers a family of move from small -town illinois to the big city after tom baker gets his dream job to coach his alma mater 's football team . meanwhile his wife also gets her dream of getting her book published . while she 's away promoting the book tom has a hard time keeping the house in order while at the same time coaching his football team as the once happy family starts falling apart .
ten years of marianne and johan 's relationship are presented . we first meet them ten years into their marriage . he is a college professor she a divorce lawyer . they say that they are happily married - unlike their friends katarina and peter who openly fight especially when under the influence of alcohol - but there is a certain detached aloofness in the way they treat each other . in the next ten years as they contemplate or embark upon divorce and /or known extramarital affairs they come to differing understandings at each phase of their relationship of what they truly mean to each other . regardless of if it 's love or hate - between which there is a fine line - they also come to certain understandings of how they can best relate to each other whether that be as husband and wife friends lovers or none of the above .
when bookseller buzz cons diana into thinking fellow bookseller stanley knows a great deal about africa they are abducted and ordered to lead diana and her henchmen to an african tribe . after encounters with lion tamers giant apes and a wild river buzz returns to america . stanley finds diamonds and buys the store they once worked for hiring buzz as its elevator operator .
simon watterman a space archaeologist discovers the "munchies" in a cave in peru . cecil watterman simon 's evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur kidnaps the creature . what cecil ...
tele -c a private german tv station is in trouble . the audience rating is going down and program manager conny schiffer is desperate . one evening - his best showmaster is interviewing a goat at the moment - he decides to make some changes . listening to the radio he hears hannes engel a very creative and special dj . unfortunately hannes ' wife maria an actress has just been thrown off the cast of a major tele -c tv pic and therefore conny does not find him in the most receptive mood when trying to hire him for the exact same station . but with the glamorous future conny promises hannes quickly decides to sign - and gets ground up properly in the mills of the german tv industry just like his wife had forecast .
a meek word processor impulsively travels to manhattan 's soho district to date an attractive but apparently disturbed young woman and finds himself trapped there in a nightmarishly surreal vortex of improbable coincidences and farcical circumstances .
a mob mix -up in chicago sends two chanteuses screaming for l .a. where they score a perfect gig : posing as drag queens on the dinner theater /cabaret circuit . things get extra -weird when a guy falls for one of the girls .
the lead character called 'the bride ' was a member of the deadly viper assassination squad led by her lover 'bill.' upon realizing she was pregnant with bill 's child 'the bride ' decided to escape her life as a killer . she fled to texas met a young man who on the day of their wedding rehearsal was gunned down by an angry and jealous bill (with the assistance of the deadly viper assassination squad ). four years later 'the bride ' wakes from a coma and discovers her baby is gone . she then decides to seek revenge upon the five people who destroyed her life and killed her baby . the saga of kill bill volume i begins .
after total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party jenna rink wants to just hide until she 's thirty . thanks to some wishing dust jenna 's prayer has been answered . with a knockout body a dream apartment a fabulous wardrobe an athlete boyfriend a dream job and superstar friends this can 't be a better life . unfortunately jenna realizes that this is not what she wanted . the only one that she needs is her childhood best friend matt a boy that she thought destroyed her party . but when she finds him he 's a grown up and not the same person that she knew .
a wave of kidnappings has swept through mexico feeding a growing sense of panic among its wealthier citizens especially parents . in one six -day period there were twenty -four abductions leading many to hire bodyguards for their children . into this world enters john creasy a burned -out ex -cia operative /assassin who has given up on life . creasy 's friend rayburn brings him to mexico city to be a bodyguard to nine -year-old pita ramos daughter of industrialist samuel ramos and his wife lisa . creasy is not interested in being a bodyguard especially to a youngster but for lack of something better to do he accepts the assignment . creasy barely tolerates the precocious child and her pestering questions about him and his life . but slowly she chips away at his seemingly impenetrable exterior his defenses drop and he opens up to her . creasy 's new -found purpose in life is shattered when pita is kidnapped . despite being seriously wounded during the kidnapping he vows to kill anyone involved in or profiting from the kidnapping . and no one can stop him .
a man becomes increasingly jealous of his friend 's newfound success .
the -year-old adam is killed in a traffic accident . his grieving parents agree to recreate him through experimental and illegal cloning conducted by an ingenious but pushy geneticist . after eight happy years a scary door opens between adam ii and someone from the past .
this is the story of two new york divorce attorneys who are often competing against each other but end up in a relationship nonetheless . when they get married can they avoid the same issues at home that lead people to provide them business at work ? one of the central cases in the story is the heavily -publicized divorce of a rock star from his wife ...
cady heron a homeschooled girl lived in africa for years . entering public school for the first time she meets the "worst" of her classmates the plastics . she joins and eventually gets assimilated into the group of three unkind girls . but she later tries to bring them down .
one day in new york city as jane ryan tries out for an overseas college program and her sister roxy schemes to meet her favorite punk rockers a series of mishaps throws their day into ...
van helsing is in the world to rid all evil even if not everyone agrees with him . the vatican sends the monster hunter and his ally carl to transylvania . they have been sent to this land to stop the powerful count dracula . whilst there they join forces with a gypsy princess called anna valerious who is determined to end an ancient curse on her family by destroying the vampire . they just don 't know how !
in buenos aires eight year old valentn lives alone with his poor widowed paternal grandmother . he has not seen his mother since he was three . his grandmother tells him that his mother was unfaithful to his father . regardless valentn still misses her . his womanizing father vincente is on the most part absent as a traveling salesman he who seems more concerned about his own fortunes than sending money home to take care of his mother and son . valentn has dreams like most young boys his primary one being to become an astronaut . he believes the work that he does building rocket models and space suits will assist the nasa space program and he does whatever he can such as walk around in heavy shoes to simulate zero gravity and hold his breath underwater in his pursuit of becoming an astronaut despite being slightly cross -eyed and near -sighted which he believes will not hinder his chances . but without really realizing it he wants more than anything to be part of a nuclear family with his father at home and for his father to marry a pretty young woman he can call his mother . he believes vincente 's latest girlfriend leticia is that woman . in the absence of a constant male influence at home valentn searches those out whether it being his uncle chiche who is visiting from ushuaia or rufo the bohemian pianist who lives next door . valentn tries to solve what he sees as the problems in his life to varying degrees of success and comes to some new understandings which reconciles what he has been inadvertently told in the past and what he now sees in life .
as the greeks fall they decided to head back home . king priam decides to have one last battle with the greeks to leave troy for good . it was a night battle so the greeks didn 't knew raining them down with flaming arrows and lighting huge balls of dry branches and rolling them down at the beach . it was a battle that achilles wasn 't in but his cousin patroclus pretended to be him by wearing his armor his sword his helmet and his moves . hector finally had a battle with achilles not knowing it wasn 't him . patroclus was fast but hector was faster causing him to cut patroclus 's neck and finishing him with a sword to the heart .
brazilian md drauzio varella starts aids prevention in brazil 's largest prison carandiru in so paulo where the population is nearly double its maximum . doc learns from experience and mainly stories the tragic stories of hideous crimes which landed scum there and passionate dramas adding otherwise decent people . just when he believes to leave the prisoners happy with a soccer tournament a silly clothing line argument kick -starts a politically opportune revolt repression .
a series of vignettes that all have coffee and cigarettes in common .
spalding gray discusses his participation in the film the killing fields and the background story about the troubles of cambodia .
a soldier from earth crash -lands on an alien world after sustaining battle damage . eventually he encounters another survivor but from the enemy species he was fighting ; they band together ...
enter the dragon revolves around the three main characters . lee a man recruited by an agency to investigate a tournament hosted by han since they believe he has an opium trade there . roper and williams are former army buddies since vietnam and they enter the tournament due to different problems that they have . roper is on the run from the mafia due to his gambling debts while williams is harassed by racist police officers and defends himself from them and uses the car for his getaway . it is a deadly tournament that they will enter on an island . lee 's job is to get the other two out of there alive .
a documentary on the rolling stones ' us tour and the tragic events that concluded it . we see footage of their concerts and of them making the sticky fingers album in muscle shoals alabama . however the main focus of the film is on one concert - altamont speedway outside san francisco december . a free concert it is the stones ' idea and it was meant to be the woodstock of the west (woodstock having occurred four months earlier ). other bands performing included jefferson airplane the flying burrito brothers ike and tina turner crosby stills nash and young and santana . however it is far from being the peace and love of woodstock . part of the problem is that the stones hired the hells angels as security . the other problem was that a large portion of the crowd were high on drugs . friction ensues . during the stones ' set meredith hunter high on methamphetamine and armed with a gun makes a lunge for the stage and is stabbed to death by the hells angels . the peace and love era of the was over .
in paris anais nin meets henry miller and his wife june . intrigued by them both she begins expanding her sexual horizons with her husband hugo as well as with henry and others . june ...
a young man who believes himself to be a vampire goes to live with his elderly and hostile cousin in a small pennsylvania town where he tries to redeem his blood -craving urges .
eve white is a quiet mousy unassuming wife and mother who keeps suffering from headaches and occasional black outs . eventually she is sent to see psychiatrist dr . luther and while under hypnosis a whole new personality emerges : the racy wild fun -loving eve black . under continued therapy yet a third personality appears the relatively stable jane . this film based on the true -life case of a multiple personality chronicles dr . luther 's attempts to reconcile the three faces of eve . multiple personalities .
this is the story of "e" easy company regiment of the airborne division from their initial training starting in to the end of world war ii . they parachuted behind enemy lines in the early hours of d -day in support of the landings at utah beach participated in the liberation of carentan and again parachuted into action during operation market garden . they also liberated a concentration camp and were the first to enter hitler 's mountain retreat in berchtesgaden . a fascinating tale of comradeship that is in the end a tale of ordinary men who did extraordinary things .
a retired mma fighter turned trainer juggles keeping his mixed martial arts gym running and keeping his family united .
this sexy teen -comedy is about a freshman matthew at college who meets his dream girl in a dorm elevator during a blackout . he never sees her face but instantly falls in love . in the ...
american planes are sent to deliver a nuclear attack on moscow but it 's a mistake due to an electrical malfunction . can all -out war be averted ?
a collection of four japanese folk tales with supernatural themes .
director michael apted revisits the same group of british -born adults after a year wait . the subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years .
agent and the japanese secret service ninja force must find and stop the true culprit of a series of spacejackings before nuclear war is provoked .
james bond 's next mission sends him to the circus . a british agent was murdered and found holding onto a priceless faberge egg . kamal kahn buys the egg at an auction but bond becomes suspicious when kahn meets up with russian general orlov . bond soon finds out that kahn 's and orlov 's plan is to blow a nuclear device in an american air force base . bond teams up with a circus group which are headed by the beautiful octopussy who is also close friend of kahn . will bond be quick enough before world war iii begins ?
a telephone operator ends up drunk and at the mercy of a cad in his apartment . the next morning she wakes up with a hangover and the terrible fear she may be a murderess .
a renowned professor is forced to reassess her life when she is diagnosed with terminal ovarian cancer .
spectre agents under the command of ernst blofeld infiltrate a us air force base situated in the uk and steal two tomahawk cruise missiles . when nato is held to ransom the british reactive their agents and send james bond to recapture the warheads and kill blofeld .
a young woman 's husband apparently commits suicide without warning or reason leaving behind his wife and infant .
jane austen 's classic novel about the prejudice that occurred between the century classes and the pride which would keep lovers apart .
a young woman (stanley timberlake ) dumps her fiance (craig fleming ) and runs off with her sister 's (roy timberlake ) husband (peter kingsmill ). they marry settle in baltimore and stanley ultimately drives peter to drink and suicide . stanley returns home to richmond only to learn that her sister roy and old flame craig have fallen in love and plan to marry . the jealous and selfish stanley attempts to win back craig 's affections but her true character is revealed when rather than take the rap herself she attempts to pin a hit and run accident on the young black clerk (parry clay ) who works in craig 's law office .
tess and sam work on the same newspaper and don 't like each other very much . at least the first time because they eventually fall in love and get married . but tess is a very active woman and one of the most famous feminists in the country ; she is even elected as "the woman of the year ." being busy all the time she forgets how to really be a woman and sam begins to feel neglected .
jane hudson a jaunty as well as attractive middle -aged secretary from akron ohio has finally made it to venice italy for her long -awaited dream vacation . never -married jane is a self -described "independent type " who 's content or so she claims to go it mostly alone armed with her movie camera . jane soon discovers that even in a city as beautiful and fascinating as venice going it alone can still leave one feeling terribly lonely . all that is about to change starting with a brief encounter at an outdoor caf in the piazza san marco where jane draws the attention of a handsome antiques -shop owner named renato de rossi .
this film depicts world war ii through the eyes of several dutch students . it follows them through the beginning of the war the nazi occupation and the liberation .
after killing a night -club owner professional hitman jef costello is seen by witnesses . his efforts to provide himself with an alibi fail and more and more he gets driven into a corner .
max baron (james spader ) is a -year-old high -flying advertising executive still recovering from the death of his wife . one night he is in a bar when he meets nora baker (susan sarandon ) ...
in the oklahoma territory at the turn of the twentieth century two young cowboys vie with an evil ranch hand and a traveling peddler for the hearts of the women they love .
it is nevada and professor vivian bell arrives to get a divorce . she 's unsatisfied with her marriage and feels out of place at the ranch she stays on she finds herself increasingly ...
jake scully comes home to find his girlfriend with another man and has to find a new place . in between his acting workshops and his job in a vampire b -movie he scans the paper looking for anything . he happens to meet sam bouchard a fellow actor who needs a house sitter . both are pleased with the arrangement that will have jake staying in the house and for a sweetener sam shows him his favorite neighbor a well -built woman who strips with her window open each night . jake becomes obsessed with meeting her and is able to help recover her purse from a thief but shows his own phobia he is incapacitated by claustrophobia when the thief runs through a tunnel . when jake witnesses a murder he finds out that the police love to pin crimes on peeping toms . jake discovers that here are just too many coincidences but must hunt them down himself without the police .
the story of anne sullivan 's struggle to teach the blind and deaf helen keller how to communicate .
this is the story of spalding gray and his attempt to write a novel . it is a first person account about writing and living and dealing with success while trying to be successful .
set in the a star -quarterback is given an opportunity to attend an elite preparatory school but must conceal the fact that he is jewish .
journalist mikael blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by lisbeth salander a young computer hacker .
harold is a tour bus driver . while visiting a good friend in a trendy hollywood cafe harold spots his favorite actress amanda clark . she is with her agent sidney stone who is repeatedly getting up to make phone calls . when harold sees amanda sitting alone he decides to introduce himself . instructed not to mention his profession to her harold doesn 't correct amanda when she mistakingly assumes he is a writer . when she asks who his agent is harold innocently throws out the name of super -agent arthur blake . amanda is impressed and charmed and to harold 's amazement she proposes a date to discuss her next movie with him . as their relationship grows so must harold 's charade to keep amanda from discovering he is a beverly hills tour guide and not a hot -shot writer . he promises amanda a script rewrite and convinces arthur blake to represent him . harold 's father is not so easily swayed and tells harold to snap out of it "we show people movie star 's homes we do not date them !" with a rewrite deadline looming an actress swooning and his whole world rocking harold must choose what to write as well as do what is right .
the oncologist wife of a prominent child psychologist suspects her husband has an unhealthy scientific obsession with their child unaware of what - or who - is really going on inside his head .
in the year it is ten years after the earth -minbari war . commander sinclair takes command of a giant five -mile-long cylindrical space station orbiting a planet in neutral space . at a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy cmdr sinclair season captain sheridan ) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires all the while fighting forces from within the earth alliance . it is a precarious command particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of babylon stations and and vanished without trace .
jane austen 's classic novel about the prejudice that occurred between the century classes and the pride which would keep lovers apart .
this time a new baby is on the way and it 's a girl . wrapped together with the standard conflict between mother and father mikey engages in a bit of sibling rivalry with his new sister .
pat 's a brilliant athlete except when her domineering fiance is around . the lady 's golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes . he wants them to get married and forget the whole thing but she can 't give up on herself that easily . she enlists the help of mike a slightly shady sports promoter . together they face mobsters a jealous boxer and a growing mutual attraction .
mayhem and zaniness ensue when a valuable painting goes missing during a party in honor of famed african explorer captain spaulding .
hopeless dweeb elliot richards is granted wishes by the devil to snare allison the girl of his dreams in exchange for his soul .
a young woman 's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard .
king uther dies suddenly . britain is facing chaos . the sorcerer merlin appoints the not so known son and heir arthur as the king who was raised as a commoner but his half sister has other plans . arthur faces tough times and will be tested beyond imagination .
d 'artagnan has become a musketeer . protestants hold la rochelle and the queen loves buckingham who 'll soon send ships to support the rebels . richelieu enlists rochefort to kidnap constance the queen 's go -between and d 'artagnan's love . the cardinal uses the wily amoral milady de winter to distract d 'artagnan. but soon she is d 'artagnan's sworn enemy and she has an unfortunate history with athos as well . milady goes to england to dispatch buckingham ; the musketeers fight the rebels . milady with rochefort 's help then turns to her personal agenda . can d 'artagnan save constance defeat rochefort slip de winter 's ire and stay free of the cardinal ? all for one one for all .
kung fu meets disco in singapore . hock is a grocery clerk longing for a motorbike . he lives with his parents and sister ; they idolize his younger brother beng a medical student calling himself leslie . hock loves bruce lee ; he works out and imitates his moves . when hock sees a cheesy local version of "saturday night fever " he gets the disco bug taking his pal mei to nightly lessons in hopes of winning a contest and buying the bike . he 's blind to mei 's falling in love with him and at the last minute asks another woman to be his partner in the contest . meanwhile beng reveals a personal secret to his family and a crisis ensues . hock beng mei and her rival : it 's night fever .
a boy obsessed with sci -fi movies about aliens has a recurring dream about a blueprint of some kind which he draws for his inventor friend . with the help of a third kid they follow it and build themselves a spaceship . now what ?
ferdinand griffon is married with his wealthy italian wife and has been recently fired from the television station where he worked . his wife forces him to go to a party in the house of her influential father that wants to introduce ferdinand to a potential employer . her brother brings the babysitter marianne renoir to take care of their children . ferdinand feels bored in the bourgeois party and borrows his brother -in-law's car to return home . he meets marianne who was his lover five years ago and insists on calling him pierrot and offers to take her home . however he spends the night with her and finds that she is involved in smuggling weapons . when marianne is chased by terrorists they decide to travel to the beach without any money leaving paris and his family behind in a crazy journey to nowhere .
mitch became caught up with his career as a sport commentator and journalist . he ignored his girlfriend and did not make time to do things in life that are of the most value to a human being . morrie was one of mitch 's professors in college and a famous scholar . one day mitch was watching television and saw morrie giving an interview stating that he is dying of lou gehrig 's disease or als .
jason has been prophesied to take the throne of thessaly . when he saves pelias from drowning but does not recognize him as the man who had earlier killed his father pelias tells jason to travel to colchis to find the golden fleece . jason follows his advice and assembles a sailing crew of the finest men in greece including hercules . they are under the protection of hera queen of the gods . their voyage is replete with battles against harpies a giant bronze talos a hydra and an animated skeleton army all brought to life by the special effects wizardry of ray harryhausen .
an alcoholic history teacher meets a young bartender .
semi -documentary focusing on the training young boys receive before they are sent down the mines on their first job .
an artist slowly goes insane while struggling to pay his bills work on his paintings and care for his two female roommates which leads him taking to the streets of new york after dark and randomly killing derelicts with a power drill .
a war -hardened general egged on by his ambitious wife works to fulfill a prophecy that he would become lord of spider 's web castle .
an italian epic that follows the lives of two brothers from the to the .
an aimless english writer finds he has a small inheritance on a greek island . his joyless existence is disturbed when he meets zorba a middle aged greek with a real lust for life . as he discovers the earthy pleasures of greece the englishman finds his view on life changing .
a young woman in l .a. is having a bad day : she 's evicted an audition ends with a producer furious she won 't trade sex for the part and a policeman nabs her for something she didn 't do demanding fellatio to release her . she snaps grabs his gun takes his uniform and leaves him cuffed to a tree where he 's soon having a defenseless chat with a homeless man . she takes off on the cop 's motorcycle and for an afternoon experiences a cop 's life . she talks a young man out of suicide and then is plunged into violence after a friendly encounter with two "vatos." she is torn between self -protection and others ' expectations . is there any resolution for her torrent of feelings ?
sam a brilliant child leaves home for the mountains after being told that the family summer trip has been canceled thus preventing him from doing the algae experiments he had planned for that summer . the film chronicles his struggle for independence and with the forces of natures .
tough guy thomas beckett is a us marine working in the panamanian jungle . his job is to seek out rebels and remove them using his sniper skills . beckett is notorious for losing his partners ...
the extraordinary odyssey of a u .s. musician of cape verdean ancestry to tannu tuva in central asia where nomadic people throat sing more than one note simultaneously using vocal harmonics . a bluesman paul pena blind and recently widowed taught himself throat singing and was by chance invited to the throat -singing symposium in kyzyl . helped by the "friends of tuva " pena makes the arduous journey . singing in the deep rumbling kargyraa style pena gives inspired performances at the festival composes songs in tuvan washes his face in sacred rivers expresses the disorientation of blindness in foreign surroundings and makes a human connection with everyone he meets .
the true wwii story of audie murphy the most decorated soldier in u .s. history . based on the autobiography of audie murphy who stars as himself in the film .
an actress a writer a student and a government worker band together in an effort to escape paris as the nazis move into the city .
keen young raymond avila joins the internal affairs department of the los angeles police . he and partner amy wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop dennis peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady . indeed peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities . he is also devious a womaniser and a clever manipulator and he starts to turn his attention on avila .
joe frady is a determined reporter who often needs to defend his work from colleagues . after the assassination of a prominent u .s. senator frady begins to notice that reporters present during the assassination are dying mysteriously . after getting more involved in the case frady begins to realize that the assassination was part of a conspiracy somehow involving the parallax corporation an enigmatic training institute . he then decides to enroll for the parallax training himself to discover the truth .
after seeing devastating results of ethnic war in former yugoslavia soldiers from unprofor peace units find it impossible to return back to their civil lives in the uk .
a mysterious bmw driver must protect an eccentric old foreigner from criminals .
in the year it is ten years after the earth -minbari war . commander sinclair takes command of a giant five -mile-long cylindrical space station orbiting a planet in neutral space . at a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy cmdr sinclair season captain sheridan ) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires all the while fighting forces from within the earth alliance . it is a precarious command particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of babylon stations and and vanished without trace .
in the year it is ten years after the earth -minbari war . commander sinclair takes command of a giant five -mile-long cylindrical space station orbiting a planet in neutral space . at a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy cmdr sinclair season captain sheridan ) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires all the while fighting forces from within the earth alliance . it is a precarious command particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of babylon stations and and vanished without trace .
in the year it is ten years after the earth -minbari war . commander sinclair takes command of a giant five -mile-long cylindrical space station orbiting a planet in neutral space . at a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy cmdr sinclair season captain sheridan ) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires all the while fighting forces from within the earth alliance . it is a precarious command particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of babylon stations and and vanished without trace .
david byrne of talking heads fame visits a typical (and fictional ) texas town on the eve of the town 's celebration of the state 's sesquicentennial . he meets various colorful local characters most notably lewis fyne a big -hearted bachelor in search of matrimony .
. zardoz an unseen "god" who speaks through an idol - a large stone statue of a head - leads a barbaric race called the brutals who live a harsh existence in the outlands . zardoz tells the brutals that once they die they will be transported to the vortex where they will live happily as immortals . he has armed a small group - the exterminators - with guns as zardoz 's philosophy is that killing is good and procreation is the root of all that is bad . in reality zardoz is arthur frayn from a competing more advanced race called the eternals who live in paradise in the vortex . the eternals truly are immortal as they do not age and their bodies undergo reconstruction if they "die". as such they truly do not believe in procreation as their society has reached perfect equilibrium . past human acts such as sex and sleep are obsolete in their advanced state . all major decisions are achieved through pure democracy . the eternals however are not immune to non life threatening disease or sin the latter which is punishable by aging only making their life less pleasant but not ever killing them . arthur 's mission as zardoz is to control monitor and study the brutals for the eternals . being in the outlands arthur is isolated without communication back to the vortex and the eternals . in his work as an exterminator zed by accident is able to find his way to the vortex as a still alive being . the eternals vote to keep zed alive temporarily so that they can study him before they kill him . among the eternals who have direct interactions with zed are : may the lead scientist who believes zed is a blessing in that they have not had access to a brutal in some time ; friend a hedonist who wants to use zed as the animal he considers him to be ; and consuela the hard lined one who believes in vigilante justice . in the eternals ' access to zed they may learn if he making it to the vortex was indeed an accident . in addition their so -called utopian society may be exposed for what it truly is .
a young guy short on luck enrolls in a class to build confidence to help win over the girl of his dreams which becomes complicated when his teacher has the same agenda .
victor marswell runs a big game trapping company in kenya . eloise kelly is ditched there and an immediate attraction happens between them . then mr . and mrs . nordley show up for their gorilla documenting safari . mrs . nordley is not infatuated with her husband any more and takes a liking to marswell . the two men and two women have some difficulty arranging these emotions to their mutual satisfaction but eventually succeed .
the manager of the negative assets sector of life magazine walter mitty has been working for sixteen years for the magazine and has a tedious life not going anywhere but from his home to his job and vice -versa. he is an escapist daydreaming into a world of fantasy many times a day . walter has a crush on the recently hired cheryl melhoff but he is too shy to invite her on a date and he is trying to contact her via online dating . the magazine is preparing to release its last printed edition and the loathsome manager of transition ted hendricks is preparing an inevitable downsizing over the next few days . walter has been the liaison between the magazine and the mysterious independent photographer sean o 'connell who has sent to him a package of negatives and a wallet as a gift for his work . sean also suggests to the senior management the use of negative for the cover of the last edition . however walter cannot find the negative that is missing . walter has no means to contact sean and finds a clue that he might be in greenland . he decides to travel to greenland to track sean down in the beginning of an unbelievable adventure .
hoping for a more exciting life than the suburban drawl he currently inhabits nerdy salary man morgan sullivan takes a job as an industrial spy at digicorp a global computer corporation . digicorp assigns him the duty of flying to various conventions around america recording the speeches that are made . but when sullivan meets a mysterious woman he begins to realize that his job may not be what it seems as he descends into a dark underworld of brainwashing and struggles to maintain his own identity .
an explosives manufacturer suspects a young man is out to kill him . he calls in nick and nora (with new baby ) to sort things out .
nick and nora head to nick 's hometown of sycamore springs to spend some time with his parents . his father a prominent local physician was always a bit disappointed with nick 's choice of profession in particular and his lifestyle in general . with nick 's arrival however the towns folk including several of the local criminal element are convinced that he must be there on a case despite his protestations that he 's just there for rest and relaxation . when someone is shot dead on his doorstep however nick finds himself working on a case whether he wants to or not .
nick and nora 's hopes for a pleasant afternoon at the local race track are dashed when a jockey is found shot dead in the locker room . nick 's friend lt . abrams wants him to help out but nick is enjoying the good life too much to get involved . however he is subsequently approached by major scully to look into corruption and the role of organized crime in gambling . others are killed but in the end nick gathers all of the suspects into a room and identifies the killer .
nick investigates the case of a missing man and later a murder that is connected to nora 's family .
nick nora and nick jr . investigate the murder of a band leader in new york .
an intimate look at the woodstock music & art festival held in bethel ny in from preparation through cleanup with historic access to insiders blistering concert footage and portraits of the concertgoers ; negative and positive aspects are shown from drug use by performers to naked fans sliding in the mud from the collapse of the fences by the unexpected hordes to the surreal arrival of national guard helicopters with food and medical assistance for the impromptu city of .
in century india three british soldiers and a native waterbearer must stop a secret mass revival of the murderous thuggee cult before it can rampage across the land .
the twins of paul "muad'dib" atreides become embroiled in the political landscape of arrakis ("dune") and the rest of the universe .
in the far future a duke and his family are sent by the emperor to a sand world from which comes a spice that is essential for interstellar travel . the move is designed to destroy the duke and his family but his son escapes and seeks revenge as he uses the world 's ecology as one of his weapons .
stefan and kai have good going business self -grown cannabis screened as pizza delivering service . for now they only have to deal with aphids .
the true story of london 's most notorious gangsters twins reggie and ronnie kray . as the brothers rise through the criminal underworld ronnie advances the family business with violence and intimidation while reggie struggles to go legitimate for local girl frances shea . in and out of prison ronnie 's unpredictable tendencies and the slow disintegration of reggie 's marriage threaten to bring the brothers ' empire tumbling to the ground .
when an army of graboids - giant carnivorous underground worms - threaten the petromaya oil refinery in mexico its owners call on earl bassett who once helped kill four of the creatures ...
third entry in series returns to the small desert town of perfection nevada seen in the first and briefly in the second .
gavin is years old and still lives with his parents . he is awfully shy but before he knows it there are three women interested in him . lady minerva munday has a casual way of life and ...
a gang of bank robbers with a suitcase full of money go to the desert to hide out . after burying the loot they find their way to a surreal town full of cowboys who drink an awful lot of coffee . the townspeople are hostile to the outsiders at first but seem to accept them once they 've killed a couple of people . after a while a mysterious man named dade arrives who seems to have unpleasant business to settle with the robbers . a free -for-all shoot -em-up ensues .
young couple madeleine and neil are coaxed by acquaintance monsieur beaumont to get married on his haitian plantation . beaumont 's motives are purely selfish as he makes every attempt to convince the beautiful young girl to run away with him . for help beaumont turns to the devious legendre a man who runs his mill by mind controlling people he has turned into zombies . after beaumont uses legendre 's zombie potion on madeleine he is dissatisfied with her emotionless being and wants her to be changed back . legendre has no intention of doing this and he drugs beaumont as well to add to his zombie collection . meanwhile grieving 'widower' neil is convinced by a local priest that madeleine may still be alive and he seeks her out .
young workers are dying because of a mysterious epidemic in a little village in cornwall . doctor thompson is helpless and asks professor james forbes for help . the professor and his ...
a canadian nurse is hired to care for the wife of a sugar plantation owner who has been acting strangely on a caribbean island .
twenty -seven year old new york window washer j . pierpont finch believes he can be a success in the corporate world after he impulsively picks up the book "how to succeed in business without really trying ". the book promises its reader that he can climb the corporate ladder simply and quickly . the worldwide wicket corporation the business in the office building whose windows he washes is according to the book the perfect type of business . there he meets secretary rosemary pilkington who sees in ponty (as she calls him ) an unassuming man who she believes the corporate world will eat alive . but ponty memorizing what the book tells him does quickly climb the corporate ladder but not by doing any real work . ponty has a few obstacles along the way such as : bud frump who sees ponty as a rival and is the nephew by marriage of the company president j .b. biggley ; hedy la rue a curvaceous but simple woman who has a secret or not -so-secret tie to someone important in the company ; mr . ovington an executive who ponty can 't figure out ; and ponty possibly making a fatal error by not reading far enough ahead in the book . ponty ultimately has to decide if climbing to the top of the ladder is worth stepping on all those along the way and risk losing the love of rosemary . in the end telling the truth may set him free .
col . guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of dictator m . bison and his cohorts .
in when los angeles ' last city park is closed to the public a dispossessed man -- and the duck who follows him as a mother -- quest west on foot in search of water and meaning in the desert that is l .a.
a family scandal causes a wealthy and powerful mexican rancher to make the pronouncement --'bring me the head of alfredo garcia !' two of the bounty -hunters thus dispatched encounter a local piano -player in their hunt for information . the piano -player does a little investigating on his own and finds out that his girlfriend knows of garcia 's death and last resting place . thinking that he can make some easy money and gain financial security for he and his (now) fiance they set off on this goal . of course this quest only brings him untold misery in the form of trademark peckinpah violence .
a hobo accidentally stumbles onto a water spring and creates a profitable way station in the middle of the desert .
after his students are killed by the one armed boxer a vengeful and blind kung fu expert travels to a village where a martial arts contest is being held and vows to behead every one armed man he comes across .
lou reed 's live concert performance of his concept album "berlin" filmed over five nights at st . ann 's warehouse in brooklyn new york .
a noble young samurai searches for a thief who has stolen a precious treasure and killed one of his clansmen and meets an older samurai who tries to deter him from the violence of revenge .
due to an accident while swimming in the sea francis meets the surfer moondoggy . she 's fascinated of his sport and starts to hang out with his clique . although they make fun of her at first they teach her to surf . soon she 's accepted and given the nickname "gidget". but it 's hard work to become more than a friend to moondoggy .
a drunken doctor with a hot temper and a violence -prone gangster with tuberculosis form a quicksilver bond .
a rich housewife murders her husband with the help of her overweight maid and the two go on the run ending up in mortville a town providing refuge for criminals . they shack up with a lesbian ex -wrestler and her murderess lover before running into the tyrannical queen carlotta ruler of mortville ...
in the savannakhet region of laos a child dies while handling a cluster bomb .
when joe valachi (charles bronson ) has a price put on his head by don vito genovese (lino ventura ) he must take desperate steps to protect himself while in prison . an unsuccessful attempt ...
murukami a young homicide detective has his pocket picked on a bus and loses his pistol . frantic and ashamed he dashes about trying to recover the weapon without success until taken under the wing of an older and wiser detective sato . together they track the culprit .
the story follows two greedy peasants in feudal japan tahei and matashichi who are returning home from a failed attempt to profit from a war between neighboring clans . en route they encounter the remnants of the defeated tribe that consists most notably of a famous general and a princess who are hiding out in a fortress in the mountains . general rokurota makabe and princess yuki need to escape into allied territory with their large supply of gold so that they can rebuild their shattered clan . to do this the peasants are tricked into helping them with the promise that they will receive a large share of the gold when the destination is reached . along the way the general 's prowess is put to the test as he must guide the and later with the inclusion of a freed slave through close encounters with the pursuing enemy and out of difficult situations the bumbling peasants manage to get them into .
an executive mortgages all he owns to stage a coup and gain control of the national shoe company with the intent of keeping the company out of the hands of incompetent and greedy executives . he needs the same money though to pay the ransom that will possibly save a child 's life . his resolution of that dilemma -- the certain loss of the company vs . the probable loss of the child -- makes for one distinct drama and an ensuing elaborate police procedure makes for a second .
near penn station next to the amtrak tracks squatters have been living for years . marc singer goes underground to live with them and films this "family." a dozen or so men and one woman talk about their lives : horrors of childhood jail time losing children being coke -heads. they scavenge they 've built themselves sturdy one -room shacks ; they have pets cook chat argue give each other haircuts . a bucket is their toilet . leaky overhead pipes are a source of water for showers . they live in virtual darkness . during the filming amtrak gives a -day eviction notice .
fictional documentary about the life of human chameleon leonard zelig a man who becomes a celebrity in the due to his ability to look and act like whoever is around him . clever editing places zelig in real newsreel footage of woodrow wilson babe ruth and others .
a sensitive exploration of the tragic irony of the psychiatrist suffering with mental illness . dr . jenny isaksson is a psychiatrist married to another psychiatrist ; both are successful in their jobs but slowly agonizingly she succumbs to a breakdown . jenny is haunted by images and emotions from her past and eventually cannot function either as a wife a doctor or as an individual .
brandon is a -something man living in new york who is unable to manage his sex life . after his wayward younger sister moves into his apartment brandon 's world spirals out of control . shame examines the nature of need how we live our lives and the experiences that shape us .
a small town priest struggles with his faith .
a young woman karin has recently returned to the family island after spending some time in a mental hospital . on the island with her is her lonely brother and kind but increasingly desperate husband ('max von sydow '). they are joined by karin 's father ('gunnar bjrnstrand ') who is a world -traveling author that is estranged to his children . the film depicts how karin 's grip on reality slowly slips away and how the bonds between the family members are changing in light of this fact .
it 's late nineteenth century sweden . middle aged lawyer fredrik egerman and his nineteen year old current wife anne egerman 's two -year marriage has not yet been consummated . fredrik wants to give anne as much time as she needs to feel comfortable before losing her virginity . although she loved fredrik when they got married anne realizes she is attracted to fredrik 's adult son henrik egerman a brooding seminary student who is home following his most recent exams . also a virgin henrik has been in an awkward flirtation with the egermans ' sexually experienced maid petra in an effort to lose his virginity . when she first sees actress desire armfeldt anne without fredrik telling her knows that desire and fredrik used to be lovers the two who still have feelings for each other . desire currently is having an affair with married count carl -magnus malcolm . while he is jealous of any man who desire shows any attention to such as fredrik he is not the same with his young wife the countess charlotte malcolm who he freely allows to have affairs of her own or so he says . the countess and anne also happen to be friends . largely orchestrated by desire these interrelationships may play themselves out on one summer overnight social gathering at desire 's mother 's house but not without the potential of some unforeseen tragic consequences .
harry lund is a nineteen -year-old man who meets monika a romantic reckless and rebellious seventeen -year-old and they fall in love . they leave their families and jobs in their small town ...
a vacationing woman meets her ideal man leading to a swift marriage . back at home however their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple .
the rev . t . lawrence shannon has been living in mexico for two years working as a tourist guide for a cut -rate travel agency . shannon lost his church and was defrocked after taking liberties with one of his parishioners . he 's now accompanying a group of middle -aged ladies from texas whose leader judith fellowes is keeping a close eye on her teenage ward charlotte goodall who definitely has an interest in the former priest . after charlotte and shannon spend the night together fellowes is out to have him fired and to keep her from communicating with his employer shannon strands them at a remote hotel run by his good friend maxine faulk . it 's the arrival of hannah jelkes and her elderly grandfather that has the greatest impact however . her approach to life and love forces shannon to deal with his demons and re -evaluate his life .
us army major weldon penderton is stationed on a base in the american south . he and his wife leonora penderton are in an unsatisfying marriage . weldon is generally a solitary man who in his time alone tries to bolster his self image as he feels less than adequate as a man and a major . he does not want to viewed like captain murray weincheck who has been bypassed for promotion time and time again solely because he is seen as being too sensitive . self absorbed leonora when not focused on her passion of horses and riding tries to maintain the facade of being what she sees an officer 's wife should be while she carries on an affair with their next door neighbor married colonel morris langdon . morris ' wife alison langdon suffered a nervous breakdown three years ago after miscarrying she still with that nervous constitution . alison is generally drawn toward sensitive types such as captain weincheck and their faithful flamboyant filipino houseboy anacleto . peripheral to the pendertons ' lives is brooding private williams who leonora knows as the enlisted man who works at the stables and who weldon asks to do some work around their house . while weldon secretly becomes fixated on williams williams in turn becomes secretly fixated on leonora . the question becomes what emotions many of those emotions being latent will dictate what actions each of these people will make .
against a background of war breaking out in europe and the mexican fiesta day of death we are taken through one day in the life of geoffrey firmin a british consul living in alcoholic disrepair and obscurity in a small southern mexican town in . the consul 's self -destructive behaviour perhaps a metaphor for a menaced civilization is a source of perplexity and sadness to his nomadic idealistic half -brother hugh and his ex -wife yvonne who has returned with hopes of healing geoffrey and their broken marriage .
a southerner --young poor ambitious but uneducated --determines to become something in the world . he decides that the best way to do that is to become a preacher and start up his own church .
a troubled young man is drawn to a mythical place called midian where a variety of monsters are hiding from humanity .
a psychological gangster film based on fact . machine gun totin ' ma barker lead her family gang (her sons ) on a crime spree in the depression era . her loyal brood have every perversion imaginable . the sadistic herman sleeps with his ma . when fred barker is released from prison he brings home his cell mate /lover kevin dirkman who also sleeps with ma much to fred 's chagrin . lloyd barker is a spaced -out drug addict who sniffs glue if nothing better is around . ma kidnaps happy -go-lucky millionaire sam adams pendlebury and holds him for ransom . arthur barker - ma 's wallflower son - and herman 's hooker lady friend mona gibson also figure in the story . the bloody finale is virtually choreographed and a visual stunner . filmed in the ozarks .
four friends embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend .
ken park focuses on several teenagers and their tormented home lives . shawn seems to be the most conventional . tate is brimming with psychotic rage ; claude is habitually harassed by his brutish father and coddled rather uncomfortably by his enormously pregnant mother . peaches looks after her devoutly religious father but yearns for freedom . they 're all rather tight or so they claim . but they spend precious little time together and none of them seems to know much about one another 's family lives . this bizarre dichotomy underscores their alienation # the result of suburban ennui a teenager 's inherent sense of melodrama and the disturbing nature of their home environments .
legendary california music festival (pre-woodstock) that launched the state -side careers of several performers most notably jimi hendrix . check out mama cass being absolutely blown away while watching joplin sing . here there be real acid rock .
operation market garden september : the allies attempt to capture several strategically important bridges in the netherlands in the hope of breaking the german lines . however mismanagement and poor planning result in its failure .
chan wing yan a young police officer has been sent undercover as a mole in the local mafia . lau kin ming a young mafia member infiltrates the police force . years later their older counterparts chen wing yan and inspector lau kin ming respectively race against time to expose the mole within their midst .
two sisters reunite after not having seen each other for five years . while catching up on each others ' lives they relive childhood experiences both good and bad
danny rose is a manager of artists and although he 's not very successful he nevertheless goes out of his way to help his acts . so when lou canova a singer who has a chance of making a come -back asks danny to help him with a problem danny helps him . this problem is lou 's mistress tina . lou wants tina to be at his concerts otherwise he can 't perform but he 's married so danny has to take her along as if she was his girlfriend . danny however gets more than he has bargained for when two mobsters come looking for the guy who has hurt their brother by stealing the heart of tina the girl he loves .
dr . edward pretorius and his assistant the physician crawford tillinghast have developed the resonator a machine to stimulate the sixth sense through the pineal gland . when crawford activates the apparatus he sees creatures flying in the air and he summons dr . pretorius . the experiment goes out of control and dr . pretorius refuses to turn off the resonator . meanwhile their neighbor calls the police and when the police officers arrive they see crawford trying to escape from his house and dr . pretorius beheaded . crawford is sent to a mental institution under the supervision of the sadistic dr . bloch . however the prominent psychiatrist dr . katherine mcmichaels requests the custody of crawford and detective bubba brownlee that is investigating the case stays with them . katherine goes with crawford and bubba to see the resonator and turns the machine on . dr . pretorius returns in a mutant shape and attacks them in the beginning of a gore night with weird life forms .
three stories of undying love : bound by a long red cord a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long -lost girlfriend . a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan .
vince lombardi high school keeps losing principals to nervous breakdowns because of the students ' love of rock 'n' roll and their disregard of education . the putative leader of the students is riff randell who loves the music of the ramones . a new principal the rock -music-hating miss evelyn togar is brought in and promises to put an end to the music craze . when miss togar and a group of parents attempt to burn a pile of rock records the students take over the high school joined by the ramones who are made honorary students . when the police are summoned and demand that the students evacuate the building they do so which leads to an explosive finale .
a champion of a brutal cross -country car race of the future where pedestrians are run down for points has a change of heart while being hounded by rivals and a conspiracy seeking to stop the race .
peter fonda plays 'heavenly blues ' the leader of hell 's angels chapter from venice california while bruce dern plays 'loser' his best pal . when they both botch their attempt to retrieve ...
nell bowen the spirited protege of rich lord mortimer becomes interested in the conditions of notorious st . mary 's of bethlehem asylum (bedlam). encouraged by the quaker hannay she tries to bring support to reforming bedlam but the cruel master sims who runs it has her committed there . the inmates however have the last say .
two americans on a hunting trip in scotland become lost . they encounter a small village not on the map called brigadoon in which people harbor a mysterious secret and behave as if they were still living two hundred years in the past .
while working as a counselor at a summer camp college -student marjorie morgenstern falls for -year-old noel airman a would -be dramatist working at a nearby summer theater . like marjorie ...
music video for the title song from the nappa gold award -winning cd "the power of one " by patricia shih
brash loudmouthed and opportunistic kikujiro hardly seems the ideal companion for little masao who is determined to travel long distances to see the mother he has never met . their excursion to the cycle races is the first of a series of adventures for the unlikely pair which soon turns out to be a whimsical journey of laughter and tears with a wide array of surprises and odd ball characters to meet along the way .
a young man in a personal tailspin flees the us to italy where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark primordial secret .
milo is a boy who is bored with life . one day he comes home to find a toll booth in his room . having nothing better to do he gets in his toy car and drives through - only to emerge in a world full of adventure .
to save his kidnapped wife brent magna must drive at the orders of a mysterious man .
a mother and daughter still wounded from a bitter custody dispute hole up in a run -down apartment building . adding further drama to their plight they are targeted by the ghost of former resident .
nicole 's father a legendary art collector lends his prized cellini venus to a prestigious paris museum . unfortunately the venus was *not* sculpted by cellini but by nicole 's grandfather . (her father is a forger as well but his specialty is paintings .) before tests can be done which would prove the venus a fake nicole enlists the services of "society burglar " simon demott to steal the million dollar statue .
mccullough is "passing through on my way to australia " when he takes a job in a gold rush town . after a startling display of marksmanship he immediately arrests the youngest son of the evil landowner (danby). a battle of hired guns begins as mccullough continues to tame the town and defeat the gunslingers with a combination of skill and wit .
the future is set for tony and michael - owning a neighbour - hood bar and making deals in the mean streets of new york city 's little italy . for charlie the future is less clearly defined . a small -time hood he works for his uncle making collections and reclaiming bad debts . he 's probably too nice to succeed . in love with a woman his uncle disapproves of (because of her epilepsy ) and a friend of her cousin johnny boy a near psychotic whose trouble -making threatens them all - he can 't reconcile opposing values . a failed attempt to escape (to brooklyn ) moves them all a step closer to a bitter almost preordained future .
having returned from fighting in world war i james allen doesn 't want to settle into a humdrum life and decides to set off to find his fortune . he travels the length and breadth of america working as a skilled tradesman in the construction industry . when times get tough however he finds himself living in a shelter where an acquaintance suggests they go out for a hamburger . what the friend really has in mind is to rob the diner and allen soon finds himself working on a chain gang with a long jail sentence . allen manages to escape however and heads to chicago where over several years he slowly but surely works his way up the ladder to become one of the most respected construction engineers in the city . his past catches up with him and despite protestations from civic leaders and his many friends in chicago he finds himself again on the chain gang . escaping for a second time he accepts that to survive he must lead a life of crime .
lew harper is a los angeles based private investigator whose marriage to susan harper who he still loves is ending in imminent divorce since she can 't stand being second fiddle to his work which is always taking him away at the most inopportune of times . his latest client is tough talking and physically disabled elaine sampson who wants him to find her wealthy husband ralph sampson missing now for twenty -four hours ever since he disappeared at van nuys airport after having just arrived from vegas . no one seems to like ralph elaine included . she believes he is cavorting with some woman which to her would be more a fact than a problem . harper got the case on the recommendation of the sampsons ' lawyer and harper 's personal friend milquetoast albert graves who is unrequitedly in love with sampson 's seductive daughter miranda sampson . miranda who harper later states throws herself at anything "pretty in pants " also has a decidedly cold relationship with her stepmother elaine . as harper begins his investigation he is often joined by one or two new sidekicks miranda and /or allan taggert sampson 's private pilot who was the last person to see him before his disappearance . living on the sampson estate allan is also miranda 's casual boyfriend who harper coins "beauty" because of his preppy good looks . they discover that sampson has indeed been kidnapped as they receive a ransom note . as harper follows leads he ends up in the underbelly of los angeles society which includes encounters with betty fraley a junkie lounge singer fay estabrook an ex -movie ingnue now overweight alcoholic and claude a religious cult leader . at each of harper 's stops people seem to want to beat him up or worse kill him . the case takes a slight turn after they decide to pay the ransom to see where it leads .
drifter chance wayne returns to his hometown after many years of trying to make it in the movies . arriving with him is a faded film star he picked up along the way alexandra del lago . while trying to get her help to make a screen test he also finds the time to meet his former girlfriend heavenly the daughter of the local politician tom 'boss' finley who more or less forced him to leave the town many years ago .
two pairs each married for quite a long time are living in a small east german town . the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage friendship relationships and last not least life itself .
from the time john j . macreedy steps off the train in black rock he feels a chill from the local residents . the town is only a speck on the map and few if any strangers ever come to the place . macreedy himself is tight -lipped about the purpose of his trip and he finds that the hotel refuses him a room the local garage refuses to rent him a car and the sheriff is a useless drunkard . it 's apparent that the locals have something to hide but when he finally tells them that he is there to speak to a japanese -american farmer named kamoko he touches a nerve so sensitive that he will spend the next hours fighting for his life .
arvid is a regular bank clerk whose life changes radically when he knocks out the bank robber franz with his squash racket . a few days later franz 's wife visits him lamenting that she needed the swag for an ivf . to obtain the money arvid and his criminal brother harald plan a thievery which ends bloodily and drags them into real trouble .
ste -marie-la-mauderne is a small depressed coastal village in qubec where even fishing as an industry has died . almost everyone is on welfare including germain lesage . an option for most townsfolk is to move to the city something that germain refuses to do even though his wife hlne wants to at least consider it just because her brother could provide her with a job . the mayor ral fournier would sell out the townsfolk in his attempts to lure industry to the town still with no takers . part of their catch situation in luring industry there is that there is no doctor a condition made by one company owned by m . dupr that would potentially locate his new plastic container factory there . as such germain and a few of his friends henri giroux and yvon brunet decide to reach out to every doctor in qubec to see if he /she can be enticed to move there . due to a little police strong -arming they get one nibble in the form of thirty -three year old montral plastic surgeon dr . christopher lewis who is somewhat blackmailed to live in ste -marie for one month . germain figures they have to captivate him on first sight of the town - not easy as the ugliest building is the first thing one sees entering the harbor - which includes giving him henri 's house in which to live henri the only person with a half -decent house as the town 's sole bank employee and thus the de facto branch manager although all he really does is cash everyone 's welfare checks . they will also use intelligence they gather about him both before his arrival and during his stay - the latter in not the most ethical manner - to cater to his every whim making him think that these items are just everyday aspects of town life regardless of if they even know about what he 's talking (cricket matches ? beef stroganoff ?). but what may be the most difficult part in the words of germain is to make him think that he 's in the best place on earth while being in a dinghy . all the while they also have to manipulate m . dupr who may be more and more difficult to manage in his expectations of the town .
sammy and rosie are an unconventional middle -class london married couple . they live in the midst of inner -city chaos surround themselves with intellectual street people and sleep with everybody - except each other ! things become interesting when sammy 's father raffi who is a former indian government minister comes to london for a visit . sammy rosie and raffi try to find meaning through their lives and loves .
a married farmer falls under the spell of a slatternly woman from the city who tries to convince him to drown his wife .
bent on winning a pulitzer prize a journalist commits himself to a mental institution to solve a strange and unclear murder .
a french boarding school run by priests seems to be a haven from world war ii until a new student arrives . he becomes the roommate of top student in his class . rivals at first the roommates form a bond and share a secret .
after moving in together in an impossibly beautiful new york apartment carrie bradshaw and mr . big make a rather arbitrary decision to get married . the wedding itself proves to be anything but a hasty affair --the guest list quickly blooms from to guests and carrie 's simple label -less wedding gown gives way to an enormous creation that makes her look like a gigantic cream puff . an upcoming photo spread in vogue puts the event --which will take place at the new york public library --squarely in the public eye . meanwhile carrie 's girlfriends --samantha the sexpot ; charlotte the sweet naf ; and miranda the rigid perfectionist --could not be happier . at least they couldn 't be happier for carrie . charlotte still has the unrealized hope of getting pregnant . samantha is finding a loving committed relationship more grueling than she could have imagined . miranda unwittingly lets her own unhappiness --created when steve admits to cheating on her just once --spoil carrie 's. after a heated encounter with steve she happens to spot mr . big and tells him he 's crazy to get married . she 's really only thinking of her own marriage . but her angry remark gets mr . big to thinking .
an advertising executive fails to realize that the woman of his dreams is his best friend since first grade now married to his cheating co -worker.
maximus is a powerful roman general loved by the people and the aging emperor marcus aurelius . before his death the emperor chooses maximus to be his heir over his own son commodus and a power struggle leaves maximus and his family condemned to death . the powerful general is unable to save his family and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the gladiator games until he dies . the only desire that fuels him now is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge .
peter a young german enters a suburban buenos aires restaurant ; seeking only directions he instead accidentally ends up with a plate smashing into his head thrown by the irritable olinda the year -old italian immigrant owner of the restaurant . the two develop a friendship once they discover that the reasons for their having moved to argentina are strikingly similar .
butcher benton goes to his death in the state prison cursing the three men who double -crossed him following an armored -car hold -up; "squeamy" ellis joe marcelli and paul lowe his attorney and leader of the gang . he vows to return and kill them and dies without revealing the location of the stolen money . detective chasen is determined to keep working on the case until the stolen loot is recovered . benton 's body is taken to professor bradshaw and his assistant for experimentation and they manage to restore him to life making him practically indestructible in the process . he takes off after the three men getting rid of everybody who stands in his way . he is impervious to police bullets . he kills ellis and marcelli while lowe seeks police protection . benton takes to the sewers to recover the hidden loot and the police are powerless to stop him .
janice starlin the owner of a cosmetics firm sees that her fading beauty is not only causing waves in her personal life but causing some prestige problems for her also -fading business . she becomes an easy mark for a pseudo -scientist eric zinthrop who claims to have developed a serum from the enzymes of wasps that will turn aging skin to youthful -looking skin . the second -best thing to a time machine . she without any hesitation agrees to be the first human to try the zinthro injections . but as her beauty returns her secretary mary dennison and her advertising executive bill lane notices she is also having a personality change and it isn 't for the better albeit she was no miss congegeniality to begin with . then zinthrop gets hit by an automobile for plot -development purposes and is somewhat incapacitated and not in any shape to be whipping up any new batches of zinthrop 's wasp enzyme injection serum and without her enzyme injections janice turns into a wasp -like woman and meaner that a yellow -jacket hornet . several people don 't live to regret coming into contact with her and this is not good for the business either .
a backwoods game warden and a local doctor discover that giant leeches are responsible for disappearances and deaths in a local swamp but the local police don 't believe them .
without a home and feeling no obligation to japanese society or yakuza ryuichi (takeuchi riki ) and his small group decide to make their own place by trying to take over the shinjuku underworld and the drug trade from taiwan . as they plan an all -out-assault on the remaining chinese and japanese mafia kings only detective jojima (aikawa sho ) stands between them and complete domination .
the film tells the tragic story of lola monts a great adventurer who becomes the main attraction of a circus after being the lover of various important european men .
an intellectually disabled man undergoes an experiment that gives him the intelligence of a genius .
christina is a middle -aged woman whose daughter dorita is in italy for studies . going to visit dorita she meets a young man on the boat and they end up in bed together . upon returning to greece she tells her best friend sasa about the stranger she met but the biggest surprise comes when dorita also returns to greece and meets her boyfriend to her family ...
ten years after the end of world war ii ; anti -terror policeman fuse gets suspended from service after the suicide by self -detonation of a young terrorist girl during an operation as he failed to shoot her in time . when he tries to gather some information about her he meets her sister and befriends with her . both get dragged into the rivalries between the administration of the police and the counter terrorism commando unit 'jin roh ' (human wolves ).
the merciless rivalry between formula one rivals james hunt and niki lauda .
after being wrongly convicted as a traitor peter blood an english physician is sent to exile in the british colonies of the caribbean where he becomes a pirate .
apartment block tenants seek the aid of alien mechanical life -forms to save their building from demolition .
in london the twenty -seven year -old hairdresser rita decides to complete her basic education before having children as desired by her husband denny . she joins the literature course in an ...
the winfield family moves into a new house in a small town in indiana . tomboy marjorie winfield begins a romance with william sherman who lives across the street . marjorie has to learn how to dance and act like a proper young lady . unfortunately william sherman has unconventional ideas for the time (setting is during w .w.i but the war does not play a major part for most of the movie ). his ideas include not believing in marriage or money which causes friction with marjorie 's father who is the local bank vice president .
in medieval japan a compassionate governor is sent into exile . his wife and children try to join him but are separated and the children grow up amid suffering and oppression .
this merry farce depicts a satirical view of the french society : ten -year-old zazie has to stay two days with her relatives in paris so that her mother can spend some time with her lover . however zazie escapes her uncle 's custody and sets out to explore paris on her own .
during the build -up to d -day in the british found their island hosting many thousands of american soldiers who were "oversexed overpaid and over here ". that 's charlie madison exactly ; he knows all the angles to make life as smooth and risk -free as possible for himself . but things become complicated when he falls for an english woman and his commanding officer 's nervous breakdown leads to charlie being sent on a senseless and dangerous mission .
henry viii of england discards one wife katharine of aragon who has failed to produce a male heir in favor of the young and beautiful anne boleyn .
living in tiger tail county mississippi middle aged archie lee meighan and nineteen year old "baby doll " meighan ne mccargo have been married for close to two years . their marriage is not based on love but each getting what they want from the other . their marriage agreement has them consummating their marriage on her twentieth birthday which is in three days the act to which baby doll is not really looking forward . but she does taunt him and other men with her overt "baby doll " sexuality the baby doll aspect which she fosters by sleeping in their house 's nursery in a crib . baby doll 's now deceased father allowed the marriage on the stipulation that archie lee provide baby doll financial security as displayed by the most resplendent house in the south . they currently live in a dilapidated mansion with her aunt rose comfort and although archie lee is making some renovations on it he no longer has the financial means to make it what baby doll wants as his cotton ginning competitor the recently arrived sicilian silva vacarro who runs the cotton plantation syndicate has effectively put him and many others in the area out of business . the meighan 's fortunes may change after vacarro 's cotton gin burns down in a case of arson . vacarro is certain archie lee is the arsonist . after meeting the meighans and learning more about their marriage vacarro believes the way to get what he wants is through baby doll . this action begins the three way battle of wills between vacarro archie lee and baby doll .
a series of sketches about people who have illicit affairs in a motel : among them a starlet and a pilot two bit casanovas an industry manager and his secretary .
this film is a sequel in name only to valley of the dolls an all -girl rock band goes to hollywood to make it big . there they find success but luckily for us they sink into a cesspool of decadence . this film has a sleeping woman performing on a gun which is in her mouth . it has women posing as men . it has lesbian sex scenes . it is also written by roger ebert who had become friends with russ meyer after writing favorable reviews of several of his films .
a french woman and a japanese man have an affair while she is in japan making a film about peace and the impact of the atomic bomb on hiroshima the man an architect lost his family in the bombing . she recalls her lover during the war a year -old german soldier who later died . despite the time they spend together her attachment appears minimal and they go forward into the future .
a tale of ambition family love and war set in the midst of the japanese civil wars of the sixteenth century .
it is the early in france . the remaining survivors of the aborted french foreign legion have made repeated attempts to kill degaulle . the result is that he is the most closely guarded man in the world . as a desperate act they hire the jackal the code name for a hired killer who agrees to kill french president de gaulle for half a million dollars . we watch his preparations which are so thorough we wonder how he could possibly fail even as we watch the french police attempt to pick up his trail . the situation is historically accurate . there were many such attempts and the film closely follows the plot of the book .
a jittery customer forces a barber to use desperate measures .
there is panic throughout the nation as the dead suddenly come back to life . the film follows a group of characters who barricade themselves in an old farmhouse in an attempt to remain safe from these flesh eating monsters .
spade and archer is the name of a san francisco detective agency . that 's for sam spade and miles archer . the two men are partners but sam doesn 't like miles much . a knockout who goes by the name of miss wonderly walks into their office ; and by that night everything 's changed . miles is dead . and so is a man named floyd thursby . it seems miss wonderly is surrounded by dangerous men . there 's joel cairo who uses gardenia -scented calling cards . there 's kasper gutman with his enormous girth and feigned civility . her only hope of protection comes from sam who is suspected by the police of one or the other murder . more murders are yet to come and it will all be because of these dangerous men -- and their lust for a statuette of a bird : the maltese falcon .
when a store clerk organizes a publicity stunt in which a friend climbs the outside of a tall building circumstances force him to make the perilous climb himself .
death of media magnat amos kyne is causing power struggle between his executives . in the meantime new york women become prey of a serial killer . reporter edward mobley is in that circumstances faced with almost impossible missions : to catch the killer to prevent the media empire from falling into the wrong hands and to save his romantic relationship from break -up.
viridiana a young nun about to take her final vows pays a visit to her widowed uncle at the request of her mother superior .
life really sucks for a group of gay and lesbian teenagers living in los angeles . their parents kicked them out they 're broke and bored their lovers cheat on them they 're harassed by gay -bashers. if things are going to be this way maybe suicide isn 't a bad idea ; at least not in the mind of andy our major protagonist who gives the film its title by describing himself as "totally fucked up ."
the legendary burglar lupin iii sets off on an adventurous trip across italy and san marino .
an innuit hunter races his sled home with a fresh -caught halibut . this fish pervades the entire film in real and imaginary form . meanwhile axel tags fish in new york as a naturalist 's gofer . he 's happy there but a messenger arrives to bring him to arizona for his uncle 's wedding . it 's a ruse to get axel into the family business . in arizona axel meets two odd women : vivacious needy and plagued by neuroses and familial discord . he gets romantically involved with one while the other rich but depressed plays accordion tunes to a gaggle of pet turtles .
queen christina of sweden is a dominant european ruler in the century and has never thought of romance . however she accidentally and secretly falls in love with an emissary from spain even though a marriage between the two seems out of the question .
a squad of the airborne division copes with being trapped in the besieged city of bastogne during the battle of the bulge .
pinky is an awkward adolescent who starts work at a spa in the california desert . she becomes overly attached to fellow spa attendant millie when she becomes millie 's room -mate. millie is ...
the wolves baseball team gets steamed when they find they 've been inherited by one k .c. higgins a suspected "fathead" who intends to take an active interest in running the team . but k .c. turns outs to be a beautiful woman who really knows her baseball . second baseman dennis ryan promptly falls in love . but his playboy roommate eddie o 'brien has his own notions about how to treat the new lady owner and some unsavory gamblers have their own ideas about how to handle eddie .
an old mother and her middle -aged daughter the aunt and cousin of jacqueline kennedy onassis live their eccentric lives in a filthy decaying mansion in east hampton .
a young man with a talent for music has begun a career with much promise . he meets an aspiring singer apollonia and finds that talent alone isn 't all that he needs . a complicated tale of his repeating his father 's self destructive behavior losing apollonia to another singer (morris day ) and his coming to grips with his own connection to other people ensues .
a wounded german paratrooper named stroszek is sent to the quiet island of kos with his wife nora a greek nurse and two other soldiers recovering from minor wounds . billeted in a decaying fortress they guard a munitions depot . there 's little to do : becker a classicist translates inscriptions on ancient tablets found in the fortress meinhart devises traps for cockroaches nora helps stroszek make fireworks using gunpowder from grenades in the depot . slowly in the heat and torpor stroszek goes mad drives the others from the fortress and threatens the city with blowing up the depot . with care the german command must figure out how to get him down .
drug addict maggie hayward 's consistent violence even in police custody ends in the execution chamber . however top -secret us government agent 'bob' arranges a staged death so maggie can ...
a wild weekend is in store for three high school seniors who visit a local college campus as prospective freshmen .
a sleazy incompetent detective tries to simultaneously take down heroin dealers and a socialite who murdered a burglar .
three stories of undying love : bound by a long red cord a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long -lost girlfriend . a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan .
lecturer sheridan whiteside slips on the ice on his way into the home of a prominent ohio family . the local doctor says whiteside must remain confined having broken his leg . he begins to meddle with the lives of everyone in the household and once his plots are underway learns there is nothing wrong with his leg . he bribes the doctor and resumes control of the household .
divorced working woman alex and well -to-do jewish family doctor daniel hirsh share not only the same answering service but also the favours of young bob elkin who bed -hops between them as ...
new york working girl susan applegate is desperate to go home to iowa but does not have the railway fare so she disguises herself as a child to ride half fare . enroute she meets philip kirby an army major teaching at a military school .
when a u .s. naval captain shows signs of mental instability that jeopardizes the ship the first officer relieves him of command and faces court martial for mutiny .
after opening a convent in the himalayas five nuns encounter conflict and tension - both with the natives and also within their own group - as they attempt to adapt to their remote exotic surroundings .
the true story of three inmates who attempt a daring escape from the infamous prison alcatraz island . although no -one had managed to escape before bank robber frank morris masterminded this elaborately detailed and as far as anyone knows ultimately successful escape . in years this seemingly impenetrable federal penitentiary which housed al capone and "birdman" robert stroud was only broken once by three inmates never heard of again .
an adaptation of the classic dickens tale where an orphan meets a pickpocket on the streets of london . from there he joins a household of boys who are trained to steal for their master .
shrek has rescued princess fiona got married and now is time to meet the parents . shrek fiona and donkey set off to far far away to meet fiona 's mother and father . but not everyone is happy . shrek and the king find it hard to get along and there 's tension in the marriage . it 's not just the family who are unhappy . prince charming returns from a failed attempt at rescuing fiona and works alongside his mother the fairy godmother to try and find a way to get shrek away from fiona .
helen harris is living the life she 's always dreamed of : her career at a top modeling agency is on the rise ; she spends her days at fashion shows and her nights at the city 's hottest clubs . but her carefree lifestyle comes to a screeching halt when one phone call changes everything . helen soon finds herself responsible for her sister 's children : -year-old audrey -year-old henry and -year-old sarah . no one doubts that helen is the coolest aunt in new york but what does this glamour girl know about raising kids ? the fun begins as helen goes through the transformation from super -hip to super -mom but she quickly finds that dancing at .m. doesn 't mix with getting kids to school on time --advice that helen 's older sister jenny is only too quick to dish out . along the way helen finds support in the most unusual place --with dan parker the handsome young pastor and principal of the kids ' new school --and realizes the choice she has to make is between the life she 's always loved and the new loves of her life .
why just fly when you can soar with soul ? after a humiliating experience on an airplane nashawn wade sues the airline and is awarded a huge settlement . determined to make good with the money nashawn creates the full service airline of his dreams complete with sexy stewardesses funky music a hot onboard dance club and a bathroom attendant . departing from all -new terminal x in los angeles soul plane gives "fly" a whole new meaning taking its passengers on a maiden voyage full of comedy .
melvin van peebles stunned the world for the first time with his debut feature the story of a three day pass . filmed in france and selected as the french entry in the san francisco film festival melvin 's film was awarded the top prize . saying it was controversial would be an understatement . in for a black man to walk up to the podium and accept the top festival award for a film he had to go abroad to make --now that 's how you make your mark . after his comedy watermelon man melvin was determined to push the hollywood boundaries with the groundbreaking and even more controversial sweet sweetback 's baadasssss song . turned down by every major studio including columbia where he had a three -picture deal melvin was forced to basically self -finance. risking everything he had melvin delivered to the world the first black ghetto hero on the big screen --whether they were ready or not ! more than years later history is being fashioned again in the telling of this very tale . mario van peebles melvin 's son directs an honest and revealing portrait of his pioneering father . mario now tells the story of the making of melvin van peebles ' landmark film sweet sweetback 's baadasssss song including melvin 's struggles to raise money to fund the film under the guise of creating a black porno film . melvin had ducked creditors the unions and had to bail out his camera crew after they were arrested because a white cop decided a bunch of negroes and hippies couldn 't have come by that camera equipment honestly . despite death threats and temporarily losing sight in one eye melvin somehow managed to whip into shape a rag -tag multi -racial crew and finish the film that would give birth to birth of a new era which was about to explode : independent black cinema .
mary is a senior at american eagle christian high school in suburban baltimore . she considers herself born again despite the fact that her rebirth was at age three . her best girlfriends are two classmates that comprise the christian jewels band with her . hilary faye is the alpha christian who outwardly is perfect especially in her connection to god . and veronica is ethnic vietnamese who was adopted and thus saved by a black christian couple . a third is tia who is generally an outsider in her geek status but who aspires to be in this christian clique . also within their social circle solely out of necessity is hilary faye 's older brother roland who has been in a wheelchair since age nine after falling out of a tree and who out of family obligation hilary faye transports everywhere including to /from school . beyond that transportation roland and hilary faye generally have disdain for each other . one of hilary faye 's god driven missions for the year is to save cassandra a jewish girl new to the school she who was expelled from her last school and is only attending a faith based school as a marginally better option than the alternative . mary 's world starts to fall apart just before the start of the school year when her boyfriend dean admits to her that he thinks he is gay . mary receives what she believes are messages from god including one indirectly through hilary faye leading to her thinking she can save dean by having sex with him god who will restore her spiritual virginity because of this act . the outcome is that dean is sent away for conversion therapy and outed anyway and mary becomes pregnant something she doesn 't tell dean or any of those closest to her including her mother lillian . her pregnancy affects how she treats another new student patrick - the son of pastor skip the school 's principal - the two who are attracted to each other . beyond mary trying to figure out what to do mary 's christian faith is tested by events around her because of dean and /or her pregnancy as well as by many christians justifying what may be considered sins in having a higher godly purpose which she is unaware includes a relationship between her mother and married pastor skip .
when anna and her family arrive at their holiday home they find it occupied by strangers . this confrontation is just the beginning of a painful learning process .
harry potter is having a tough time with his relatives (yet again ). he runs away after using magic to inflate uncle vernon 's sister marge who was being offensive towards harry 's parents . initially scared for using magic outside the school he is pleasantly surprised that he won 't be penalized after all . however he soon learns that a dangerous criminal and voldemort 's trusted aide sirius black has escaped from the azkaban prison and wants to kill harry to avenge the dark lord . to worsen the conditions for harry vile creatures called dementors are appointed to guard the school gates and inexplicably happen to have the most horrible effect on him . little does harry know that by the end of this year many holes in his past (whatever he knows of it ) will be filled up and he will have a clearer vision of what the future has in store ...
on a remote island the fbi has a training program for their psychological profiling division called "mindhunters" used to track down serial killers . the training goes horribly wrong however when a group of seven young agents discover that one of them is a serial killer and is setting about slaying the others . can the few that are left figure out who the killer is in time ?
the blind masseur /swordsman comes to a town in control of warring gangs and while bunking with a farming family he meets two women with their own agenda .
riddick now a hunted man finds himself in the middle of two opposing forces in a major crusade . colm feore plays lord marshal a warrior priest who is the leader of a sect that is waging the tenth and perhaps final crusade years in the future . judi dench is aereon an ambassador from the elemental race . she is an ethereal being who helps riddick unearth his origins .
joanna eberhart a wildly succesful president of a tv network after a series of shocking events suffers a nervous breakdown and is moved by her milquetoast of a husband walter from manhattan to the chic upper -class and very modern planned community of stepford connecticut . once there she makes good friends with the ascerbic bobbie markowitz a jewish writer who 's also a recovering alcoholic . together they find out much to their growing stupor and -then horror that all the housewives in town are strangely blissful and somehow ... doomed . what is going on behind the closed doors of the stepford men 's association and the stepford day spa ? why is everything perfect here ? will it be too late for joanna and bobbie when they finally find out ?
a listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home .
a series of misunderstandings leaves an advertising executive with a campaign for a product which has not yet been invented while he romances his rival in the guise of its inventor .
the year is and the mayoress has removed set personal criteria form the requirements to join the police force . no longer is sex weight height and orientation a factor . this now allows for an insurgence of people applying . the police academy series follows a select group of misfits in their quest to become police men and women . the first film of the series follows these misfits in their time at the police academy . the main focus is on a petty criminal called mahoney . mahoney is busted for criminal damage and as punishment is forced to go to police academy . mahoney initially feels that this isn 't the right place for him and he makes it his mission to be thrown out as he is not allowed to quit . as the classes go by and the training exercises are played out mahoney soon realizes that he is actually enjoying the academy and does want to become a police officer . we are also introduced to the gun maniac tackelberry the very tall hightower voluptuous callahan squeaky hooks human beat box and sound effects master jones and the ever confuzzled commandant lassard . this group become good friends and become the base for the rest of the series of films .
whoever said dog is man 's best friend never met mij ! mij is a cute cuddly pet shop otter who captures the heart of graham merill (bill travers ). it doesn 't take graham long to realize that ...
may is waiting for her boyfriend in a run -down american motel when an old flame turns up and threatens to undermine her efforts and drag her back into the life that she was running away from . the situation soon turns complicated .
the abduction of beautiful helen wife of spartan king menelaus by paris of troy triggers a long war .
on his uncle 's death sir henry baskerville returns from abroad and opens up the ancestral hall on the desolate moors of devonshire . holmes uncovers a plot to have sir henry murdered by a terrible trained hound . first casting of rathbone and bruce as holmes and watson .
in the city of suddenly three gangsters trap the benson family in their own house on the top of a hill nearby the railroad station with the intention of killing the president of the usa .
after being found wandering the streets of los angeles a severely catatonic woman tells a doctor the complex story of how she wound up there .
five children in an apparently ideal american small town find their lives changing as the years pass near the turn of the century in . parris and drake both of whom have lost their parents are best friends ; parris dreams of becoming a doctor studying under the father of his sweetheart cassie while drake plans on becoming a local businessman when he receives his full inheritance - juggling girlfriends in the meantime . as they become adults the revelations of local secrets threaten to ruin their hopes and dreams .
aliens come to earth seeking scientists to help them in their war .
war veteran rick dadier is one of three new teachers hired at north manual high school an inner city boys school . this is his first teaching assignment which he needs to support himself and his insecure pregnant wife anne . despite principle warnecke 's assertions to the contrary dadier quickly learns that the rumors of student discipline problems at the school are indeed true . the established teachers at the school try to counsel the newcomers all inexperienced in such situations as how best to handle the rowdy students . regardless dadier tries to exert discipline in his class which provokes a violent response . dadier believes the student leaders against him are artie west but more specifically gregory miller who he thinks uses the fact of being black as a means of racial provocation . dadier has to decide either to leave and teach at a "real" school or stay and figure out how to get through to his students . if he decides to stay he has to figure out who the real disruptive influences are especially as they have resorted to attacks of a personal nature that affect especially anne .
charlie hudson a retired crisis negotiator for the nypd is engaged to claire parker a beautiful and successful business woman . claire has planned a weekend in new york registering at bergdorf goodman staying at the plaza hotel etc . laying the foreground for the ensuing wedding . due to an unexpected business opportunity claire is called away . anna penn a school teacher is scheduled to register for her wedding with fiance ' david allen an advertising executive who is unable to partake in the weekend . consequently charlie and anna end up spending the next three days planning their respective weddings together . over the course of the weekend they consult with an embittered cast of wedding advisers who while helping them plan simultaneously deconstruct the institution of marriage as a whole . henry taylor charlie 's old partner and best friend drowns himself in his police work and embraces an addiction with alcohol to escape his personal loneliness . tracey meltempi anna 's best friend is a sexy vibrant hair dresser who is weary of anna 's decision to resign from her high expectations of finding "crazy love " and settle with david . by the end of the weekend what started out as a weekend of shopping becomes a weekend of self discovery that will change each other 's life forever . neither anna nor charlie can go on with their lives as they had planned . as a result fate brings them back to each other . four injured souls cross paths in their search for truth and in the process heal one another .
farm family frake with discontented daughter margy head for the iowa state fair . on the first day both margy and brother wayne meet attractive new flames ; so does father 's prize hog ...
avery bullard president of the tredway corporation has died . but he never named a clear successor so the board members must choose a replacement . the most likely is loren shaw a skilled businessman but some of the others don 't like his calculating ways . but to stop him they 'll have to find someone else they can back . will it be the engineer don walling ? that will take convincing they don 't trust his youth and idealism . and he isn 't even sure he wants the job he might be happier creating rather than politicking .
in post -war cape breton a doctor 's efforts to tutor a deaf /mute woman are undermined when she is raped and the resulting pregnancy causes scandal to swirl .
while examining the influence of the fast food industry morgan spurlock personally explores the consequences on his health of a diet of solely mcdonald 's food for one month .
district attorney 's daughter falls in love with a gangster the d .a. is trying to put in jail .
time travel still images a past present and future and the aftermath of world war iii . the tale of a man a slave sent back and forth in and out of time to find a solution to the world 's fate . to replenish its decreasing stocks of food medicine and energies and in doing so resulting in a perpetual memory of a lone female life death and past events that are recreated on an airports jete .
in in the victorian london the corrupt lord henry wotton meets the pure dorian gray posing for talented painter basil hallward . basil paints dorian 's portrait and gives the beautiful painting and an egyptian sculpture of a cat to him while henry corrupts his mind and soul telling that dorian should seek pleasure in life . dorian wishes that his portrait could age instead of him . dorian goes to a side show in the two turtles in the poor neighborhood of london and he falls in love with the singer sibyl vane . dorian decides to get married with her and tells to lord henry that convinces him to test the honor of sibyl . dorian gray leaves sibyl and travels abroad and when he returns to london lord henry tells him that sibyl committed suicide for love . along the years dorian 's friends age while he is still the same but his picture discloses his evilness and corruptive life . can he still have salvation or is his soul trapped in the doomed painting ?
in the world war ii the pacifist and humanist japanese kaji accepts to travel with his wife michiko to the tiny manchurian village loh hu liong to work as supervisor in an iron ore mine to avoid to be summoned to the military service . kaji works with okishima (s yamamura ) and he implements a better treatment to the laborers and improves the mine production . when the feared kempetai (the "military police corps " the military police arm of the imperial japanese army from to ) brings six hundred chinese pows to the mine kaji negotiates with their leaders expecting them to control their comrades . however the methods of kaji upset the corrupt system in the site and the foreman furuya (kji mitsui ) plots a scheme to use the naive chen (akira ishihama ) to turn off the electrical power of the barbwire fences to allow the prisoners to escape . when seven prisoners are falsely accused of an attempt of fleeing a cruel kempetai sergeant uses his sword to behead the prisoners . when kaji protests the pows react sparing the lives of four prisoners but kaji is arrested and tortured . when he is released he is summoned to join the army and accused of being red .
filmed over nearly five years in twenty -five countries on five continents and shot on seventy -millimetre film samsara transports us to the varied worlds of sacred grounds disaster zones industrial complexes and natural wonders .
a university professor leaves his job to become a theater critic creating problems with his family and friends .
cody jarrett is the sadistic leader of a ruthless gang of thieves . afflicted by terrible headaches and fiercely devoted to his 'ma' cody is a volatile violent and eccentric leader . cody 's top henchman wants to lead the gang and attempts to have an 'accident' happen to cody while he is running the gang from in jail . but cody is saved by an undercover cop who thereby befriends him and infiltrates the gang . finally the stage is set for cody 's ultimate betrayal and downfall during a big heist at a chemical plant .
in this one -man show starring rich little ebeneezer scrooge (played by rich as w .c. fields ) hates christmas and it 's up to the ghosts of christmas past (played by rich as humphrey bogart ) present (played by rich as columbo ) and future (played by rich as inspector clouseau ) to convince him otherwise
it 's may at a us army air corps base in england . the four officers and six enlisted men of the memphis belle - a b bomber so nicknamed for the girlfriend of its stern and stoic captain dennis dearborn - will soon start their twenty -fifth mission having completed their previous twenty -four successfully with nary an incident while fewer and fewer other planes are coming back from their missions at all . if they complete their next mission successfully they will be the first army air corps b crew to complete their tour of duty . visiting communications officer lt . col . bruce derringer wants to publicize and highly tout their accomplishment even before it happens as a long term good news campaign at a time when there is little good news to report . derringer 's plan is against the wishes of the base commander col . craig harriman who would prefer to treat the ten as any of his other hard working men . the previous success of the memphis belle is despite the disparate natures of the ten men whose personalities and backgrounds could not be more different . each of the ten has a differing view of derringer 's publicity campaign as well as to the probable success or failure of what will be their last mission regardless a dangerous one into enemy territory over the skies of bremen germany .
in new orleans the cincinnati kid a young stud poker player who travels from one big game to the next stopping along the way up with various girls is pitted against the legendary champion card -sharp lancey howard in a high -stakes poker game .
a teenage girl lives as a prostitute in new orleans in .
the daughter of a riverboat captain falls in love with a charming gambler but their fairytale romance is threatened when his luck turns sour .
al fountain a middle -aged electrical engineer is on the verge of a mid -life crisis when he decides to take his time coming home from a business trip rents a car and heads out looking for a lake he remembers from his childhood . but his wandering takes him into the life of kid a free -spirited young man who helps al escape from the routine of everyday life and find freedom to enjoy himself .
a circus trapeze artist cleopatra takes an interest in hans a midget who works in the circus sideshow . her interest however is in the money hans will be inheriting and she is actually carrying on an affair with another circus performer hercules . hans 's fiance does her best to convince him that he is being used but to no avail . at their wedding party a drunken cleopatra tells the sideshow freaks just what she thinks of them . together the freaks decide to make her one of their own .
immigrant is the coming of age story of daanyik a nine year -old russian boy whose family immigrates to the united states in the late nineteen -seventies to pursue the american dream . daanyik 's childhood of pencil drawings and toy soldier battles in moscow is interrupted overnight as he is hurled into the harsh reality of adulthood in new york city . upon losing his father deema daanyik and his mother meela are left poor alone and helpless in a foreign land . out of desperation for survival meela begins a relationship with tolik an abusive man that may have had a hand in deema 's death . daanyik finds himself trapped in a precarious web of torment brought on by his new stepfather a lecherous rabbi and a neighborhood bully . drawing becomes his only source of comfort and catharsis . as his battles grow fiercer daanyik at the tender age of nine is left to overcome insurmountable odds to save himself and his mother from complete destruction .
rightly suspected of illicit relations with the masked bandit flower belle lee is run out of little bend . on the train she meets con man cuthbert j . twillie and pretends to marry him for "respectability." arrived in greasewood city with his unkissed bride twillie is named sheriff by town boss jeff badger ...with an ulterior motive . meanwhile both stars inimitably display their specialties as twillie tends bar and plays cards and flower belle tames the town 's rowdy schoolboys ...
when a commercial airliner develops engine problems on a trans -pacific flight and the pilot loses his nerve it is up to the washed -up co -pilot dan roman to bring the plane in safely .
fran garrison 's all in a tizzy because her prize dachshund danke is having pups and she has hopes of one of the pups becoming a champion . but at the vet 's her husband mark is talked into letting danke wet nurse a great dane pup that 's been abandoned by his mother . and mark wants to keep the great dane . but brutus has this problem : he thinks he 's a dachshund and he 's too big to be a lapdog . but when fran ridicules brutus one too many times jim 's got a plan to prove to everyone (and fran ) that a great dane can be far more than just an ugly dachshund .
set in the story focuses on passepartout a chinese thief who steals a valuable jade buddha and then seeks refuge in the traveling companionship of an eccentric london inventor and adventurer phileas fogg who has taken on a bet with members of his gentlemen 's club that he can make it around the world in a mere days using a variety of means of transportation like boats trains balloons elephants etc . along the way passepartout uses his amazing martial arts abilities to defend fogg from the many dangers they face .. one major threat to their adventure is a detective that 's following them . why ? just as fogg and passeportout left london a major bank was robbed with fogg suspected of using the "around the world " trip as an excuse to escape .. their path from london and back includes stops in paris turkey india china and usa ...
will graham is a gangster who has left the life of crime and is living in the countryside . he comes out of hiding to investigate the death of his brother when he learns that he committed suicide . charlotte rampling is his old girlfriend who owns a restaurant . boad is the villain responsible for the bad things that happened to will 's brother .
dodgeball is the story of rose a new employee at a ruthless company where success is based upon how well you play in the weekly company dodgeball game . it 's "team-building" taken to an extreme .
a hospital in need of funds announces a cure for a form of brain cancer having saved several wealthy men 's lives . when a young girl with the cancer dies one doctor notices that she and all the cured men had been treated with exactly the same medicine . investigating further she uncovers a plot by the administration to locate wealthy men already suffering from a serious condition and give them the cancer which can then be treated successfully .
nine -year-old frankie and his single mum lizzie have been on the move ever since frankie can remember most recently arriving in a seaside scottish town . wanting to protect her deaf son from the truth that they 've run away from his father lizzie has invented a story that he is away at sea on the hms accra . every few weeks lizzie writes frankie a make -believe letter from his father telling of his adventures in exotic lands . as frankie tracks the ship 's progress around the globe he discovers that it is due to dock in his hometown . with the real hms accra arriving in only a fortnight lizzie must choose between telling frankie the truth or finding the perfect stranger to play frankie 's father for just one day ...
two disgraced fbi agents go way undercover in an effort to protect hotel heiresses the wilson sisters from a kidnapping plot .
school girls trio seirra sreedevi and pooja invites trouble when sreedevi becomes pregnant from her lover sooraj who is a schoolmate .
two tigers are separated as cubs and taken into captivity only to be reunited years later as enemies by an explorer (pearce) who inadvertently forces them to fight each other .
inspecting a magical biographical stage musical composer cole porter reviews his life and career with his wife linda .
axis a gigantic coiling plant stretches high above the clouds ... at its center is a village whose people are in mortal danger because axis is withering ... it 's sap is drying up . the people beg their gods for help ... but to no avail . compelled by a mysterious force kaena a rebellious high -spirited teenage girl will defy the high priest and her people 's ancestral beliefs to take the perilous journey through the axis and discover what dark secrets lie beyond the clouds ... a dying world an evil force a terrible secret ...
a veterinarian posing as a doctor a race -horse owner and his friends struggle to help keep a sanitarium open with the help of a misfit race -horse.
a chemistry student invents a spray that makes its wearer invisible . a crook finds out about it and plans to steal it for himself .
documentary film -maker bob sanders and his wife carol attend a group therapy session that serves as the backdrop for the opening scenes of the film . returning to their los angeles home the newly "enlightened" couple chastise their closest friends ted and alice for not coming to grips with their true feelings . bob insists that everyone "feel" rather than intellectualize their emotions and carol pronounces "that's beautiful " after anyone says anything even remotely personal . ted and alice humor their friends but it is obvious that there is a good -natured sexual tension at work within the foursome .
shirley temple 's father a rebel officer sneaks back to his rundown plantation to see his family and is arrested . a yankee takes pity and sets up an escape . everyone is captured and the ...
two hosting prehistoric dinosaurs guide you along a typical small town 's christmas choral celebration . there 's just one catch the entire town population is made out of clay ! special guest stars : the california raisins !
chance volition and the large effects of tiny causes swirl through paris on a single day . a clerk born march hears her horoscope on the way to work : today she 'll meet her true love but she must be patient . before the day ends under a full moon twenty lives intersect time and again in unpredictable connected ways : a jilted lover holds a souvenir pebble a stolen coffee maker looks suspicious at a metro stop a yellow rain slicker is passed on as a gift lettuce causes a bicycle accident a leaf betrays an habitual liar who 's just told the truth and an algerian waiter also born march sees a bug cross a tablecloth . magical sand from the sahara is in the air .
police officer benny is obsessed with american police cliches and livens up his own boring everyday life with dreams of duels with bad guys . but poor benny and his colleagues doesn 't have much to do in the small town of hgbotrsk . most of their days are spent drinking coffee eating sausage waffles and chasing down stray cows . peace and quiet is the dream of every politician but for the swedish authorities the lack of crooks is reason to close the local police station . when the cops investigate a suspected act of vandalism they realise that they themselves may be able to raise the crime statistics high enough to stay in business .
documentary on the director 's meeting with castro .
into the woods is a modern twist on the beloved brothers grimm fairy tales in a musical format that follows the classic tales of cinderella little red riding hood jack and the beanstalk and rapunzel -all tied together by an original story involving a baker and his wife their wish to begin a family and their interaction with the witch who has put a curse on them .
history of apple and microsoft .
this film showcases noam chomsky one of america 's leading linguists and political dissidents . it also illustrates his message of how government and big media businesses cooperate to produce an effective propaganda machine in order to manipulate the opinions of the united states populous . the key example for this analysis is the simultaneous events of the massive coverage of the communist atrocities of khmer rouge regime of cambodia and the suppression of news of the us supported indonesian invasion and subjugation of east timor .
when powerful publishing tycoon earl janouth commits an act of murder at the height of passion he cleverly begins to cover his tracks and frame an innocent man whose identity he doesn 't know but who just happen to have contact with the murder victim . that man is a close associate on his magazine whom he enlists to trap this "killer" george stroud . it 's up to george to continue to "help" janouth to elude the police and to find proof of his innocence and janouth 's guilt .
a writer meets a young socialite on board a train . the two fall in love and are married soon after but her obsessive love for him threatens to be the undoing of both them and everyone else around them .
fire and ice : the winter war of finland and russia summary : the winter war was an epic life and death struggle that changed the course of world war ii ...
in the united states tests an anti -radar system to make the u .s. navy ships invisible to the enemy . dr . james longstreet uses his experiment in the destroyer escort uss eldridge that disappears from philadelphia . the sailors david herdeg and his best friend jim parker are projected to where they meet allison hayes . they unsuccessfully try to contact their base and out of the blue jimmy disappears in a hospital . allison helps david to visit jimmy 's wife pamela but jimmy refuses to see him . now david 's only hope is meeting dr . james longstreet to learn what to do . will he be well succeeded ?
to prove that he still is strong and powerful philippe douvier decides to kill clouseau . once news of his "death" has been announced clouseau tries to take advantage of it and goes undercover with cato to find out who tried to kill him .
two boyhood friends rocky sullivan and jerry connolly have taken different paths in life . after rocky is arrested he is sent to a juvenile facility and becomes a lifelong tough guy and criminal . jerry on the other hand goes straight and becomes a catholic priest ministering to people in the same neighborhood when he and rocky grew up . when rocky is released from prison he resumes his criminal lifestyle and becomes much admired by many of the local kids . worried that the kids will follow rocky into the criminal world jerry works hard to keep them on the straight and narrow . when rocky is convicted and sentenced to the electric chair jerry asks him for one last favor .
to work off his tarnished driving record a hip taxi driver must chauffeur a loser police inspector on the trail of german bank robbers .
on christmas eve three homeless people living on the streets of tokyo find a newborn baby among the trash and set out to find its parents .
after her husband john mckay is killed in an ongoing feud with the canfield family a woman takes her baby boy willie to her sister 's house in new york hoping he will never know of the feud with the canfields . twenty years later willie is a grown man and he receives a letter saying he has inherited his father 's estate and must travel to his family home to take possession . on the train there he meets a beautiful young woman and falls in love only to learn that she 's a canfield . he accepts her invitation to dinner and quickly realizes that the canfield men won 't kill him while he 's in their home . his plan to stay there as a permanent guest is short -lived and the canfields are soon after him .
roger is called in to change the will of an aging millionairess . she has made arrangements for her soul to be 'captured' and transferred into the body of a younger girl . after an argument about the will the millionairess dies but her spirit somehow lands in rogers body ...
katie holstrom leaves the farm to become a nurse but is sidetracked into domestic service romance and politics .
hard times came for carraclough family and they are forced to sell their dog to the rich duke of rudling . however lassie the dog is unwilling to leave the young carraclough boy and sets out on the long and dangerous journey in order to rejoin him .
rich bitch joanna hires country carpenter dean to build a closet on her yacht . when the two don 't see eye -to-eye dean is left unpaid while joanna sets sail . the following day joanna is fished out of the sea after falling overboard suffering from amnesia . dean sees a neat way to regain the money she owes him ... he tells her she 's his wife ; that way dean gets a free housekeeper and mother for his four kids .
the trials and tribulations of the winfield family in small town indiana as marjorie winfield 's boyfriend william sherman returns from the army after w .w.i. bill & marjorie 's on -again off -again provide the backdrop for other family issues primarily brought on by little brother wesley 's overactive imagination and tall tales .
beautiful gloria wandrous a new york fashion model engages in an illicit affair with married socialite weston liggett . however gloria 's desire for respectability causes her to reconsider her lifestyle .
vienna has built a saloon outside of town and she hopes to build her own town once the railroad is put through but the townsfolk want her gone . when four men hold up a stagecoach and kill a man the town officials led by emma small come to the saloon to grab four of vienna 's friends the dancin ' kid and his men . vienna stands strong against them and is aided by the presence of an old acquaintance of hers johnny guitar who is not what he seems .
after a lavish dinner party the guests find themselves mysteriously unable to leave the room ... and over the next few days all the elaborate pretenses and facades that they 've built up by virtue of their position in society collapse completely as they become reduced to living like animals ...
michael moore 's view on what happened to the united states after september ; and how the bush administration allegedly used the tragic event to push forward its agenda for unjust wars in afghanistan and iraq .
in nelson the chief of the firemen c . d . bales is a man with complex since he has a huge nose . when his friend dixie rents her house to the gorgeous student of astronomy roxanne he falls in love with her but keeps his feelings as a secret . c .d. hires the handsome fireman chris and roxanne asks c .d. to help her to date him . however chris is an average american with very limited culture and he asks c .d. to help him to get in her pants . c .d. writes letters disclosing his feelings for her and roxanne is seduced by the man that writes such letters . what will happen when she meets chris ?
years ago four men met on the river working as rafting guides .
from producer guillermo del toro and director jorge gutierrez comes an animated comedy with a unique visual style . the book of life is the journey of manolo a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart . before choosing which path to follow he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears . rich with a fresh take on pop music favorites the book of life encourages us to celebrate the past while looking forward to the future .
alex rogan lives in a trailer court where his mother is manager and everyone is like a big extended family . he beats the starfighter video game to the applause of everyone in the court and later that day finds he has been turned down for a student loan for college . depressed he meets centauri who introduces himself as a person from the company that made the game before alex really knows what is going on he is on the ride of his life in a "car" flying through space . chosen to take the skills he showed on the video game into real combat to protect the galaxy from an invasion . alex gets as far as the starfighter base before he really realized that he was conscripted and requests to be taken back home . when he gets back home he finds a zando -zan (alien bounty hunter ) is stalking him . unable to go home and live alex returns to the starfighter base to find all the pilots have been killed and he is the galaxy 's only chance to be saved from invasion . to defeat the invaders who are paying the bounty on him he must be victorious .
peter parker is an unhappy man : after two years of fighting crime as spider -man his life has begun to fall apart . the girl he loves is engaged to someone else his grades are slipping he cannot keep any of his jobs and on top of it the newspaper daily bugle is attacking him viciously claiming that spider -man is a criminal . he reaches the breaking point and gives up the crime fighter 's life once and for all . but after a failed fusion experiment eccentric and obsessive scientist dr . otto octavius is transformed into super villain doctor octopus doc ock for short having four long tentacles as extra hands . peter guesses it might just be time for spider -man to return but would he act upon it ?
early thirty -something american jesse wallace is in a paris bookstore the last stop on a tour to promote his best selling book this time . although he is vague to reporters about the source material for the book it is about his chance encounter nine years earlier on june with a parisienne named celine and the memorable and romantic day and evening they spent together in vienna . at the end of their encounter at the vienna train station which is also how the book ends they not providing contact information to the other vowed to meet each other again in exactly six months at that very spot . as the media scrum at the bookstore nears its conclusion jesse spots celine in the crowd she who only found out about the book when she earlier saw his photograph promoting this public appearance . much like their previous encounter jesse and celine who is now an environmental activist decide to spend time together until he is supposed to catch his flight back to new york this time only being about an hour . beyond the issue of the six month meeting what has happened in their lives in the intervening nine years and their current lives they once again talk about their philosophies of life and love this time with the knowledge of their day together and how it shaped what has happened to them .
a demystified take on the tale of king arthur and the knights of the round table .
on the last day of grade before their freshman year in high school julie has a slumber party with three best friends : hannah yancy and farrah . as a trio they end up having the adventure of their lives . to win the legendary high school lunch spot by the fountains they must win a all -night scavenger hunt against their popular girl rivals . unfortunately julie 's mom has firm rules about the party . her number one rule ? don 't leave the house . but julie and her friends won 't let a little thing like parental authority stand in the way of social domination . to win the race they sneak out of the house steal a car snatch a cute boy 's boxer shorts crash a high school dance and torment a security guard with an inflated ego . and along the way some of the girls might just find love . because anything is possible at julie 's sleepover .
popular comedian bert kreischer scours the country for traditional and obscure events to enter without prior experience .
two jedi knights escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the force but the long dormant sith resurface to reclaim their old glory .
in a small village in colombia the pregnant seventeen years old maria supports her family with her salary working in a floriculture . she is fired and with a total lack of perspective of finding a new job she decides to accept the offer to work as a drug mule flying to usa with sixty -two pellets of cocaine in her stomach . once in new york things do not happen as planned .
author eugene o 'neill gives an autobiographical account of his explosive homelife fused by a drug -addicted mother a father who wallows in drink after realizing he is no longer a famous actor and an older brother who is emotionally unstable and a misfit . the family is reflected by the youngest son who is a sensitive and aspiring writer .
young prince valiant son of the exiled king of scandia journeys to camelot to become a knight at king arthur 's round table . he hopes to help his father reclaim his throne from the pagan viking usurper sligon and restore the christian faith to their homeland . on his journey he stumbles upon a mysterious black knight plotting with sligon 's representatives to overthrow arthur . barely escaping with his life valiant encounters sir gawain one of the most illustrious knights of the round table and an old friend of his father 's who tutors the young viking in the skills needed to be a knight . valiant and gawain 's pupil -mentor relationship is complicated by their romantic involvement with princess aleta and her sister ilene daughters of the king of ord . if valiant is to restore his father 's throne and prevent the coup d 'etat against arthur he must uncover the true identity of the black knight .
the plot couldn 't be simpler or its attack on capital punishment (and the act of killing in general ) more direct - a senseless violent almost botched murder is followed by a cold calculated flawlessly performed execution (both killings shown in the most graphic detail imaginable ) while the murderer 's idealistic young defence lawyer ends up as an unwilling accessory to the judicial murder of his client .
setting off on a journey to the west in the the prescott family run into a man named linus who helps them fight off a pack of thieves . linus then marries daughter eve prescott (carroll baker ) and years later goes off to fight in the civil war with their son with bloody results . eve 's sister lily heads further west and has adventures with a professional gambler stretching all the way to san francisco and into the .
when jason bourne is framed for a cia operation gone awry he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive .
a shy woman endowed with the speed reflexes and senses of a cat walks a thin line between criminal and hero even as a detective doggedly pursues her fascinated by both of her personas .
from the pulitzer prize -winning author of "the hours " comes a story that chronicles a dozen years in the lives of two best friends who couldn 't be more different . from suburban cleveland in ...
a new crime wave grips the city and all clues seem to lead to the nefarious dr . mabuse even though he has been imprisoned in a mental asylum for nearly a decade .
a remorseful bomber pilot -turned-minister rejoins for the korean war .
during world war ii an american destroyer meets a german u -boat. both captains are experts and so begins a deadly game of cat -and-mouse.
captured french resistance fighter andre devigny awaits a certain death sentence for espionage in a stark nazi prison . facing malnourishment and paralyzing fear he must engineer an extraordinary escape complicated by the questions of whom to trust and in the absence of options how to kill ?
a gay detective tries to solve the murder of a college student .
using his own terminology billy pilgrim is "unstuck in time " which means he is moving between different points in his life uncontrollably although he is aware of it at certain of those points as witnessed by the letter to the editor he writes to the ilium daily news about his situation . primarily he is moving between three general time periods and locations . the first is his stint as a gi during wwii when as a pacifist he was acting as a chaplain 's assistant for his unit . this time is largely as a pow where he was in dresden the day of the bombing spending it with among others an older compassionate gi named edgar derby and a brash loudmouth gi named paul lazzaro . the second is his life as an optometrist in ilium in upstate new york eventually married to the wealthy and overbearing valencia merble and having two offspring robert who would spend his teen -aged years as a semi -delinquent and barbara who would end up much like her mother . and the third is as an abductee on the planet tralfamadore along with his devoted dog spot and hollywood starlet montana wildhack - who was not averse to taking off her clothes to further her career - the tralfamadorians who have put them on display . the more time he spends on tralfamadore the more he understands the meaning of what is happening to him .
teenaged susan turner with a severe crush on playboy artist richard nugent sneaks into his apartment to model for him and is found there by her sister judge margaret turner . threatened with jail nugent agrees to date susan until the crush abates . he counters susan 's comic false sophistication by even more comic put -on teenage mannerisms with a slapstick climax .
a black female tv producer struggles in hollywood .
made during world war ii this chronicles a voyage of a u .s. submarine on a secret mission to the very shores of japan . much of the film is spent developing the cast of characters that populate the sub .
the simple story of two young michigan high school students jessica class president local smart girl and object of marlon 's affections attempt to get into a small pennsylvania college . jessica fights off her parent 's expectation of going to their alma mater of the university of michigan while marlon fights his grades and sat scores .
the blandings live in new york in a tiny apartment . they decide to move to the country and find that buying and building and living in their own home is easier said than done .
ellen arden arrives years after being given up for dead in a shipwreck to find her husband nick just remarried to bianca . the overjoyed nick awkwardly tries to break the news gently to bianca . but before he can do that an unpleasant surprise --news that ellen has spent the years on a deserted island with fellow -survivor burkett . nick 's jealousy tries to find out the truth . hilarious confusion reigns before nick chooses his favorite wife .
after her father 's ship is carried off by a sudden storm the spunky pippi longstocking is stranded with her horse alfonso and monkey mr . nilsson and takes up residence in the old family home which is thought by neighborhood children to be haunted . soon two children tommy and annika venture into the house only to meet up with pippi . the three soon become friends and get into various adventures together including cleaning the floor with scrubbing shoes dodging the "splunks" going down a river in barrels and helping pippi with the problem of having to go to a children 's home . older children will probably get the most out of this movie .
you never know what life will bring you . three young people make a journey that turns into a nightmare filled with deception and disbelief . their car breaks down and they are forced to seek help from the nearest residents . little did they realize what they might encounter in the rural outskirts of their hometown .
frank darrbo is a hapless fry cook . when his wife sarah falls off the wagon and dumps him for jacques a drug dealer frank tries to get her back by reporting her kidnapped grabbing her from jacques ' car and wailing for her to return . after watching christian tv and having a vision he becomes a superhero to fight evil . he sews a costume finds a weapon (a pipe wrench ) and looks for crimes to stop . he has problems : his wrench inflicts real injury so the cops want him for being a vigilante his sense of boundaries is flawed and jacques ' gang has guns . libby a clerk at a comic book store becomes his sidekick and it 's time to go save sarah . what chance do they have ?
god has had just about enough of the human 's attitude so he will destroy the planet very soon . it is up to a struggling inventor and a bank teller both with very amateur criminal minds to save the world ...
cold centres around two disconnected english brothers who are ostracised in a small village in the west of ireland . drawn back together by the unexpected and mysterious death of their father they are immediately at odds until they find a girl dumped still alive in the moors . what follows is a bizarre turn of events both beautiful and surreal as the two brothers search for their own resolutions . at times both a love story and a tragic tale the story is inspired by a piece in john steinbeck 's east of eden .
story of a young lawyer in tehran in search of a visa to leave the country which is what mohammad rasoulof did during the winter of
life 's flotsam and jetsam turn up at late 's hollywoodland 's door once more in this insightful tale of wannabes and desperadoes . tod hackett artist has inspirations to become noticed until he meets faye greener blonde bombshell and is immediately smitten . she has other ideas . she has homer simpson victim in her sights and cruelty and loneliness takes new meaning as all three are slowly sucked into the hollywood system of sycophants diggers and parasites sucking the life from others as the life and soul is slowly sucked from them .
a true story about four allied pows who endure harsh treatment from their japanese captors during world war ii while being forced to build a railroad through the burmese jungle . ultimately they find true freedom by forgiving their enemies . based on the true story of ernest gordon .
robert lomax tired of working in an office wants to be an artist . so he moves to hong kong to try his hand at painting . finding a cheap hotel he checks in only to find it 's used by prostitutes and their "dates" they meet in the bar downstairs . since he never picks up any of the ladies they all want to know more about him . eventually he does hire one to model for him ... and soon falls in love . however since he 's on a limited budget he can 't afford her exclusively but doesn 't want to "share" her with anyone else .
a well meaning crack shot husband is pressured by his beautiful marksman wife to go on an interstate robbery spree where he finds out just how depraved and deadly she really is .
a liberated young schoolteacher at an edinburgh girls ' school in the period between the two wars instructs her girls on the ways of life . ignoring the more mundane subjects she teaches them of love politics and art . her affairs with two male teachers become known and she finds herself fighting to keep her job . she believes that she can always count on the % support of her favourite pupils but one of them does not feel that miss jean brodie is in her "prime" any more . no longer swayed by her teacher 's eloquence she begins to learn about life and love herself .
thomasina the cat brings a family together through her mysterious death and reappearance .
hit man philip raven who 's kind to children and cats kills a blackmailer and is paid off by traitor willard gates in "hot" money . meanwhile pert entertainer ellen graham girlfriend of police lieut . crane (who's after raven ) is enlisted by a senate committee to help investigate gates . raven seeking gates for revenge meets ellen on the train ; their relationship gradually evolves from that of killer and potential victim to an uneasy alliance against a common enemy .
kirk bennett is falsely sentenced to death for killing blackmailer mavis marlowe ex -wife of nice -guy drunk martin blair . bennett 's stand -up wife catherine tries to prove him innocent enlisting the aid of blair who falls in love with her . bennett 's execution draws near as the two pose as piano player and singer trying to get the goods on sleazy nightclub owner marko a prime suspect . failing to nail marko catherine goes off to meet with her husband scheduled to die the next morning and blair slips into an alcoholic stupor before the real killer is revealed .
when powerful publishing tycoon earl janouth commits an act of murder at the height of passion he cleverly begins to cover his tracks and frame an innocent man whose identity he doesn 't know but who just happen to have contact with the murder victim . that man is a close associate on his magazine whom he enlists to trap this "killer" george stroud . it 's up to george to continue to "help" janouth to elude the police and to find proof of his innocence and janouth 's guilt .
romantic obsessive steve thompson is drawn back to l .a. to make another try for anna his former wife . however anna belongs now to the l .a. underworld . steve believes he can rescue her ignoring the advice and warnings of people who would try to save him . he commits himself to a dangerous course of action that quickly takes everyone somewhere unintended .
british agent alec leamas refuses to come in from the cold war during the choosing to face another mission which may prove to be his final one .
six young friends on a road trip in ireland run afoul of gypsies who curse them for accidentally running down an old woman . the curse takes the form of a terrifying flying beast that tries killing them all .
an actress a writer a student and a government worker band together in an effort to escape paris as the nazis move into the city .
in the midst of the gulf war soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes .
a series of events tests the beliefs of a small isolated countryside village .
andrew largeman is a semi -successful television actor who plays a intellectually disabled quarterback . his somewhat controlling and psychiatrist father has led andrew ("large") to believe that his mother 's wheelchair bound life was his fault . andrew decides to lay off the drugs that his father and his doctor made him believe that he needed and began to see life for what it is . he began to feel the pain he had longed for and began to have a genuine relationship with a girl who had some problems of her own .
in postwar tokyo this household is loving and serene : older parents their -year-old daughter noriko their married son his devoted wife and two rascally sons . their only discontent is noriko 's lack of a husband . society is changing : she works she has women friends who tease and argue her brother sees her independence as impudence she sees it as normal . when her boss suggests that she marry a -year-old bachelor who is his friend all the members of her family press her to accept . without seeking their advice and to their chagrin noriko determines her own course of action .
from cult director alex cox (repo man ; sid and nancy ) comes this modernised adaptation of thomas middleton 's celebrated play from . it tells the story of a man whose wife is murdered on their wedding day and his desire to exact revenge on the murderer . set in a post -apocalyptic liverpool of the future vindici (christopher eccleston - let him have it ; elizabeth ; days later ; tv 's dr who ) returns from a self -imposed exile to bring down those responsible for his wife 's murder . while his family have fallen on hard times the murderer - known as the duke (derek jacobi - day of the jackal ; gosford park ; tv 's- i claudius ) - has become rich p
a wily slave must unite a virgin courtesan and his young smitten master to earn his freedom .
filmmakers (and brothers ) albert and david maysles follow four employees of a company that makes expensive ornate illustrated bibles as they attempt to sell the items door -to-door to less -than-interested customers who are mainly poor or lower -middle-class catholics with little money to spend on pretty bibles .
a cab driver finds himself the hostage of an engaging contract killer as he makes his rounds from hit to hit during one night in los angeles .
stacy holt an associate producer for a daytime talk show is confounded by her boyfriend derek 's unwillingness to talk about his previous relationships . egged on by her co -worker barb stacy sneaks a look at his personal digital organizer scores the names and numbers of his exes and sets up interviews with them --all in an effort to get closer to her man . her plan starts to unravel however when she becomes friends with one of the women .
a futuristic brief encounter this is a love story in which the romance is doomed by genetic incompatibility .
now settled in genovia princess mia faces a new revelation : she is being primed for an arranged marriage to an english suitor .
i spent three months with working with dog and cat volunteers at a local animal shelter . this is my experience with some of those animals and people .
yugi mutou is a shy young boy who has finally completed his grandfather 's thousand -year puzzle . little does he realize that this puzzle unleashes an alter ego who challenges anyone who hurts yugi to a game . the losers often pay dearly .
the movie is set in the pacific northwest ; specifically washington state . we know this from a glimpse of a license plate the craftsman architecture of the two houses and the mature rich landscapes in between . the setting like the scrutiny of the four main character 's lives is defined by the narrowness of the camera 's field -of view . the one commercial street in town is only seen in the reflection of a store window a shot of a non -descript auto -yard or the tunnel of a tree -lined suburban sidewalk . the lush wooded landscape is understood as an immediate presence in the domestic and professional lives of the characters ; a steep hill railroad tracks a rushing stream and a path over an old steel bridge are revisited again and again by the characters in their capacities as lovers parents and friends .
three friends whose lives have been drifting apart reunite for the funeral of a fourth childhood friend . when looking through their childhood belongings they discover a trunk which contained details on a quest their friend was attempting . it revealed that he was hot on the trail of the that went missing with airplane hijacker d .b. cooper in . they decide to continue his journey but do not understand the dangers they will soon encounter .
muscle -bound twins try to smash a jewel smuggling ring .
mike mccoy is the lead singer for a band combo and part -time racecar driver trying to get by when he is persued by a trio of very different women who want his hand in marriage . the first is les the female drummer of his band the second is cynthia a spoiled heiress and daddy 's girl . the third is diana a writer of books on men .
american singer johnny tyrone is enlisted by sinister forces to assassinate an arab king whose daughter he has fallen in love with .
lonnegan is planning to get back at gondorff and hooker for bilking him out of half a million . at the same time gondorff and hooker are planning their next caper . and their mark is a man named macalinski who makes lonnegan look like a pussycat . there con is boxing match and hooker is the fighter whom they have to make look good but macalinski needs some convincing and hooker is a little rusty .
a concert film in which bill cosby discusses weekends raising children dentists and many other situations .
the working class twin sister of a callous wealthy woman impulsively murders her out of revenge and assumes the identity of the dead woman . but impersonating her dead twin is more complicated and risky than she anticipated .
in new york the ambitious dr . jack byron and his associate gordon mitchell present the research of his assistant sam rogers to the ceo and board of directors of a corporation to sponsor a scientific expedition to borneo . the objective is to find a flower blood orchid that flourishes for a couple of weeks every seven years and could be a fountain of youth prolonging the expectation of life of human beings . they are succeeded and once in borneo they realize that it is the raining season and there is no boat available to navigate on the river . they pay us $ to convince captain bill johnson and his partner tran to sail to the location . after an accident in a waterfall the survivors realize that a pack of anacondas have gathered for mating and their nest is nearby the plantation of blood orchid which made them bigger and bigger .
when dallas fbi agent thomas mackelway violates serial killer raymond starkey 's civil rights during an unorthodox arrest starkey goes free and mackelway is demoted to a remote branch of the agency in albuquerque . his first day on the job mackelway investigates the murder of traveling salesman harold speck which turns out to be the first of three seemingly random killings . perhaps they are not random at all . the last to die is mackelway 's nemesis raymond starkey . the assignment consumes him his past mistakes haunt him and his head throbs constantly as he tries to find the link between the victims that will lead him to their killer while the case becomes increasingly gruesome and patently personal . this does not go unnoticed by his unflappable partner fran kulok who knows of mackelway 's past and the demons that afflict him . like mackelway she becomes drawn into the labyrinth of chilling clues all of which point to the enigmatic benjamin o 'ryan. o 'ryan clearly has a connection to the murders a connection he flaunts . quite possibly he may also harbor a sinister link to mackelway .
a chinese emissary is sent to the gobi desert to execute a renegade soldier . when a caravan transporting a buddhist monk and a valuable treasure is threatened by thieves however the two warriors might unite to protect the travelers .
the british empire flowers ; exotic india colors english imaginations . becky sharp the orphaned daughter of a painter and a singer leaves a home for girls to be a governess armed with pluck a keen wit good looks fluent french and an eye for social advancement . society tries its best to keep her from climbing . an episodic narrative follows her for years through marriage napoleonic wars a child loyalty to a school friend the vicissitudes of the family whose daughters she instructed and attention from a bored marquess who collected her father 's paintings . honesty tempers her schemes . no aristocrat she nor bourgeois just spirited intelligent and irrepressible .
a rising hollywood actor decides to take personal revenge against a group of four persistent photographers to make them pay for almost causing a personal tragedy involving his wife and son .
a young chicago advertising executive believes a woman he sees in a caf is his long -lost love . his belief leads to obsession as he puts his life on hold in order to trail her .
a recently widowed woman is on the road with her precocious young son determined to make a new life for herself as a singer .
when an accident involving a folding machine at an old laundry occurs detective john hunton decides to investigate . what he finds is the owner of the laundry bill gartley . meanwhile the folding machine has acquired a taste for the flesh of human beings but is there more to bill gartley than meets the eye and does he know what monster hides behind the machine ?
a revenge plot je -hwi had hatched against pyo a boy who bullied him since high school with a stranger he met over the internet begins to grow way out of control with cruel and unpredictable results .
fausto moretti having seduced sandra rubini the sister of his friend and companion moraldo rubini is forced to marry her . after their honeymoon he takes a job as a salesman of religious objects in a small shop . he isn 't changed by his marriage and still looks for women with his friends when and where they can find them . he even tries to seduce the wife of his boss and is fired . after each episode sandra forgives him . he and his friends of similar temperament are content to be idle chase girls and leave the work and job -hunting to others . after spending the night away from home with a girl sandra cannot forgive anymore and runs off with their child . fausto and his friends search all over for them fearing the worst .
sandy ricks is sent by his mom to coral key a rustic island in the florida keys to spend the summer with his uncle porter ricks . sandy dislikes everything about his new environment until a new friend comes into his life a dolphin named flipper that brings uncle and nephew together and leads sandy on the summer adventure of a lifetime .
it 's time again for california 's "young american miss " beauty pageant the biggest event of the year for big bob freelander and brenda dicarlo who give their all to put on a successful ...
it 's no wonder that we feel 'guilty that we aren 't doing more to improve our world . if we all pitched in to solve the problems of the world . it would be alot easier to live in it .
on the night of halloween teens decide to go to a party at an abandoned funeral parlor . "hull house " rumored to be built on an evil patch of land & underground stream is the place . while starting the party the teens gather around a big mirror to perform a seance ...big mistake . they awaken some evil force and find themselves trapped and taken over one by one . now it 's a battle for who can survive and cross over the stream before going to hell ....
lilith is a about a mysterious young woman in an elite sanitarium in maryland who seems to weave a magical spell all around her . a restless but sincere young man with an equally obscure ...
in this high -adventure sequel the baby geniuses find themselves at the center of a nefarious scheme led by powerful media mogul bill biscane . joining the babies in their battle against evil is a legendary baby named kahuna . part ultra -cool spy part superhero kahuna joins babies archie finkleman alex and rosita in a race against time to stop the villainous biscane from using his state -of-the-art satellite system to control the minds of the world 's population .
a young man receives a call on his cellular phone from a woman who says she 's been kidnapped and thinks she 's going to be killed soon along with her husband and son who the kidnappers have gone after next . the catch ? she doesn 't know where she is ... and his cell phone battery might go dead soon .
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called "the hive " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab "animals" that they were studying . the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit where they meet alice who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . the military team must shut down the computer and get out fighting their way past zombies mutants and the computer itself before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . alice must also come to terms with her slowly -returning memories .
aging baseball star who goes by the nickname mr . finds out many years after retirement that he didn 't quite reach hits . now at age he 's back to try and reach that goal .
in an intrepid reporter in new york city makes a connection between the story she 's covering -- of famous scientists suddenly disappearing around the world and a recent attack on the city by giant robots . determined to find the solution to these happenings she seeks the help of her ex -boyfriend the captain of a mercenary legion of pilots . the two are investigating the case when the robots attack the city again though in a stroke of luck sky captain 's right hand man is able to locate their source . they then set off on an adventure in search of the evil mastermind behind these schemes who is bent on creating a utopia and destroying the current world .
peter colt an english tennis player in his thirties whose ranking slipped from to in the world considers he never really had to fight for anything as his wealthy but all but close family easily put him through studies and allowed him to pursue his tennis ambitions bravely exchanges jokes with his german sparring partner dieter prohl in a similar position but feels it 's about time to admit he 's getting too old to compete with fitter coming men (or boys ) and intends after a last wimbledon to take a job with the prestigious tennis club instead . just then by accident he bumps into lizzie bradbury the american rising star of female tennis falls in love with her and finds her interest in him changes his entire perception even gives him the strength to win again . but where will it lead them especially when her overprotective father -manager dennis bradbury proves determined to nip their relationship in the bud believing it detrimental to her career ?
during their childhood hanna and clarissa were the best of friends . they spent every vacation together with their parents in an old summer house on a small island . shortly after hanna 's birthday they suddenly lost touch until an unexpected reunion years later . hanna is now married has a seven -year-old daughter and is the chief resident physician at a hospital which is where she meets her old friend who is delivered to the er after overdosing on sleeping pills . the two women pick up their friendship where they left off and spontaneously decide to spend a few days on the island just like in the old days . with hanna 's daughter lea in tow they return to the place where they spent their childhood . when hanna learns that a playmate of hers from the island 's village disappeared as a child and was never seen or heard from again she begins to search the past . something horrible must have happened on the island back then . but the closer hanna gets to the dark secret the tighter the noose around the women becomes the greater the menace . the truth that comes to light is much more terrible and horrific than hanna ever could have imagined .
a young basketball player crippled in a car accident returns to the game he loves .
middle -aged sexually repressed sylvia stickles is the subject of this john water 's film set in north baltimore . she refuses to have sex with her husband vaughn stickles and keeps her overly -endowed daughter caprice locked in her room while she serves home detention for moral depravity charges . sylvia together with her mother big ethel lead a group calling themselves "neuters" that promotes decency on harford road . when sylvia is accidentally hit on the head by a lawnmower hanging out of a passing pick -up truck however her sexual behavior is changed completely from prude to prostitute . she meets the sex addicted sexual healer ray ray perkins becoming his twelfth apostle of sex in a journey of pleasure and orgasm .
in twenty -three year old medical student ernesto guevara de la serna - fuser to his friends and later better known as 'ernesto che guevara ' - one semester away from graduation decides to postpone his last semester to accompany his twenty -nine year old biochemist friend 'alberto granado ' - mial to his friends - on his four month km long dream motorcycle trip throughout south america starting from their home in buenos aires . their quest is to see things they 've only read about in books about the continent on which they live and to finish that quest on alberto 's thirtieth birthday on the other side of the continent in the guajira peninsula in venezuela . not all on this trip goes according to their rough plan due to a broken down motorbike a continual lack of money (they often stretching the truth to gain the favor of a variety of strangers to help them ) arguments between the two in their frequent isolation solely with each other their raging libidos which sometimes get them into trouble and dealing with fuser 's chronic asthma . but a chance encounter with a couple of communists in the chilean desert and an extended visit to the san pablo leper colony in the pervian amazon basin among other things profoundly affects what each will want to do with his life and the bond each has with the other .
shaun doesn 't have a very good day so he decides to turn his life around by getting his ex to take him back but he times it for right in the middle of what may be a zombie apocalypse ... but for him it 's an opportunity to show everyone he knows how useful he is by saving them all . all he has to do is survive ... and get his ex back .
famous detective hercule poirot is on the orient express but the train is caught in the snow . when one of the passengers is discovered murdered poirot immediately starts investigating .
rusty dennis is the mother of rocky a seriously deformed but extremely intelligent and emotionally warm teenager . rusty is a no -nonsense mother whose wild lifestyle is often at odds with her tenderness and protectiveness towards rocky . she is determined that rocky be given the same chances and happiness that everyone else takes for granted .
boston is being terrorized by a series of seemingly random murders of women . based on the true story the film follows the investigators path through several leads before introducing the strangler as a character . it is seen almost exclusively from the point of view of the investigators who have very few clues to build a case upon .
cooper the deputy director of the cia wants to be the director . so he tries to make it appear that the director is corrupt so that he will resign or be removed . the director appears before a committee and asks for some time to prepare his defense . the director goes home and asks his man brown to join him . he then shows brown that cooper is bugging him . that 's when he decides to turn the tables on cooper by feeding him some false information . and that information is that there 's a man who might be able to clear him of the charges against him will be arriving at the airport so he tells brown to meet him . the director tells brown to just pick someone who is arriving at the airport thus making cooper believe that he is the man who can help the director . brown picks richard cause he is wearing mismatched shoes one of them being red . so cooper sets up surveillance on richard and sends his femme fatale maddy to come on to him and find out what he knows . while maddy is playing richard actually falls for her .
duane recovers from his delusional breakdown to find his freakish basket -bound brother belial will soon become a father . but not everything is joyous as the once tight knit brothers no longer seem to trust each other .
duane and his basket -bound mutant brother are taken in by a secret home for wayward freaks with journalists hot on their tail .
jake van dorn is a businessman from the american heartland who shares strong calvinist convictions with most of his countrymen . his teenage daughter is missing from her church youth convention trip to california and van dorn hires a private investigator to find her . the result of the investigation is his daughter is spotted in a cheap x -rated movie . van dorn decides to bring her back personally and during the quest he becomes familiar with the pornographic underworld .
royal descendants feel the wrath of the curse of condemned witch mad dolly who spews forth her prophecy while she is burned at the stake . the victims suffer death by having their heads removed in various fashions getting their limbs caught in animal traps knife wounds and other methods of medieval torture .
a new york anthropologist named professor harold monroe travels to the wild inhospitable jungles of south america to find out what happened to a documentary film crew that disappeared two months before while filming a documentary about primitive cannibal tribes deep in the rain forest . with the help of two local guides professor monroe encounters two tribes the yacumo and the yanomamo . while under the hospitality of the latter tribe he finds the remains of the crew and several reels of their undeveloped film . upon returning to new york city professor monroe views the film in detail featuring the director alan yates his girlfriend faye daniels and cameramen jack anders and mark tomaso . after a few days of traveling the film details how the crew staged all the footage for their documentary by terrorizing and torturing the natives . despite monroe 's objections the television studio pan american still wishes to air the footage as a legitimate documentary . in order to change their minds monroe shows the station 's executives the film 's final reels so they could see first hand how the crew 's fate came to be .
the sea underworld is shaken up when the son of the shark mob boss is found dead and a young fish named oscar is found at the scene . being a bottom feeder oscar takes advantage of the situation and makes himself look like he killed the finned mobster . oscar soon comes to realize that his claim may have serious consequences .
under the watchful eye of his mentor captain mike kennedy probationary firefighter jack morrison matures into a seasoned veteran at a baltimore fire station . jack has reached a crossroads however as the sacrifices he 's made have put him in harm 's way innumerable times and significantly impacted his relationship with his wife and kids . responding to the worst blaze in his career he becomes trapped inside a -story building . and as he reflects on his life now deputy chief kennedy frantically coordinates the effort to save him .
a husband -and-wife team play detective but not in the traditional sense . instead the happy duo helps others solve their existential issues the kind that keep you up at night wondering what it all means .
this film is about a teenage girl who is very upset about her brother 's death in a car crash . terri has a love of singing and making up her own songs . her brother (before his death ) secretly submits a dvd of her singing to a musical summer camp down in l .a. her father doesn 't want her to go but secretly her mom lets her go and everything goes fine except she has stage fright . she gets through her stage fright with the help of her new friend jay . at the end of the contest everyone at the musical school have to perform something . and if they win they win a scholarship along with it . her dad finds out comes down to l .a. and threatens to take her home ! will he let her stay ? and will she win the contest ? viewers are on the edges of their seats to find out what happens ...
engineers aaron abe robert and phillip are working on an invention the prototype being built in aaron 's garage . this project is beyond their day jobs . the project truly does belong to aaron and abe as they use all their free time working on it primarily trying to overcome the many engineering related problems they 've encountered . it is during one of his tests with the invention running that abe discovers that a protein inside the main unit has multiplied much more rapidly than it could in nature . rather than the invention being a protein super incubator abe using himself as a guinea pig and a very meticulous one at that discovers that the invention can be used as a time machine . in his self experiment abe was especially careful not to interfere with his own self in that time warp . abe passes along this discovery to aaron who he expects will tell his wife kara in what is the sanctity of their marriage but he doesn 't want to tell either robert or phillip . much to abe 's surprise aaron does not want to tell kara it being a sole intellectual property of just the two of them in the process moving the base of operation to a locked storage unit . aaron 's plan for the two of them is to use the invention to win big in the stock market by knowing through the time travel what has happened in the market . with two thoughts on the matter now instead of just one aaron and abe may hit some logistical and philosophical roadblocks in how to move forward .
based in the 's of london 's theaters this film is about the rules of gender roles in theatre production and means to change them for everyone 's benefit . ned kynaston is the assumedly gay cross -dressing actor who has been playing female parts in plays for years particularly desdemona in othello he also has a close relationship with a member of the royal court the duke of buckingham . one day however the rules of only men playing women could change when aspiring actress maria auditions as kynaston 's praised role desdemona and soon enough king charles ii decides to make the law that all female roles should be played only by women . maria becomes a star while ned finds himself out of work . but after a while ned finds it in his nature to forgive maria 's aspiration they may even fall in love and charles may proclaim women will be played by either gender .
shohei sugiyama has attained all that he has wanted in life . but he is still depressed and unhappy . one day he gathers up the courage to sign up for dancing lessons . he hopes they will rid his depression and help him get his life back together .
the north american counter -terrorism force team america attacks a group of terrorists in paris . later the leader of the organization spottswoode invites the famous broadway actor gary johnston to join his world police and work undercover in cairo infiltrating a terrorist organization in the hope they will disclose their plan of destroying the world . team america destroy the cell of terrorists but then the panama canal is attacked by the criminals as a payback . gary feels responsible for the death of many innocents and leaves the counter -terrorism organization . when the leader of north korea kim jong il joins a group of pacifist actors and actresses with the intention of using weapons of massive destruction team america tries to avoid the destruction of the world .
when three generations of a dysfunctional family gather in rhode island to bury the family patriarch members of the collins clan are at each other 's throats in no time . son daniel is a secret porn actor and daughter lucy is a lesbian . lucy totes along her lover judy to the outrage of lucy 's aggressively neurotic sister alice whose hysterical overreaction to the pair 's marriage plans ought to tell everyone something . rounding out the delightful crowd are dim brother skip whose unfailingly rude twin sons offer caustic commentary on their elders ' infantile predilections ; matriarchal widow charlotte who becomes so justifiably distraught at the insanity of her children she tries to commit suicide ; and kate a confused but comely college freshman who juggles preparation of the eulogy with internal debate over what to do with her childhood friend -turned-suitor ryan .
country girl bj visits her aunt lorraine in the big city unaware that lorraine is running a brothel from her home .
an italian -american neighborhood in louisiana is disturbed when truck driver rosario delle rose is killed by police while smuggling . his buxom widow serafina miscarries then over a period of years draws more and more into herself trying to force her lovely teenaged daughter rosa to do likewise . on one eventful day rose finally breaks away ; serafina learns of rosario 's affair with another woman ; and a new carefree handsome italian truck driver enters her life ...
wessex county england during the victorian era . christian values dominate what are social mores . these mores and her interactions with two men play a large part in what happens in the young life of peasant girl the shy innocent proper yet proud tess durbeyfield . the first of these men is alec d 'urberville. after learning from a local historian that they are really descendants of the aristocratic d 'urberville family which has died out due to lack of male heirs tess ' parents send her to a nearby mansion where they know some d 'urbervilles actually reside . this move is in order for the family to gain some benefit from their heritage . upon her arrival at the mansion tess quickly learns that the family of tess ' "cousin" alec are not true d 'urbervilles but rather an opportunistic lot who bought the family name in order to improve their own standing in life . tess is pulled between what she was sent to accomplish for her family against her general disdain for alec who will give her anything she wants in return for sexual favors . the second of these men is angel clare the son of a parson and an apprentice farmer . angel and tess fall in love with each other . tess has to decide if she will divulge to angel her past relationship with alec which if she does may jeopardize their own relationship . but if she doesn 't tess also has to figure out if the secret will haunt her and thus jeopardize their relationship in other ways .
the adventures of a pair of long -haul truck drivers as they haul cargo all over the us and canada .
the elderly bat researcher professor abronsius and his assistant alfred go to a remote transylvanian village looking for vampires . alfred falls in love with the inn -keeper's young daughter sarah . however she has been spotted by the mysterious count krolock who lives in a dark and creepy castle outside the village ...
black beauty a beautiful black stallion in england recalls his life from his birth through his carefree life as a colt to the many hardships he suffered after achieving maturity . he goes through many owners both good and bad until he finally finds happiness and contentment .
about a filmmaker not only revisiting but also recreating (not in a conventional sense ) one of his first films the perfect human / det perfekte menneske
a documentary on children of the insanely rich . directed by one of their own johnson & johnson heir jamie johnson .
all i want for christmas is a comedy about two new york city children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season . ethan a practical older brother and adorable hallie who knows how to charm her way out of a difficult situation are intent on spending christmas with their parents catherine and michael and grandmother lillian . as ethan and hallie embark on their adventure almost nothing goes exactly as they planned . complicating things is a smarmy businessman named toney boer who has taken an interest in catherine . ethan meanwhile is preoccupied with not only his parents ' romantic dilemma but also his own - one brought about by his new friendship with stephanie his first teenage crush . what evolves is an elaborate scheme involving mice telephone calls and an ice -cream truck as ethan and hallie try to achieve their goal with the help of stephanie . the duo 's primary obstacle is their mother 's fiance tony . the children finally succeed with a little christmas magic from santa claus .
based on h .g. bissinger 's book which profiled the economically depressed town of odessa texas and their heroic high school football team the permian high panthers .
part documentary part narrative fiction part home movie and part acid trip . a psychedelic whirlwind of snapshots super home movies old answering machine messages video diaries early short films snippets of pop culture and dramatic reenactments to create an epic portrait of an american family travesty . the story begins in when jonathan learns that his schizophrenic mother renee has overdosed on her lithium medication . he is catapulted back into his real and horrifying family legacy of rape abandonment promiscuity drug addiction child abuse and psychosis . as he grows up on camera he finds the escapist balm of musical theater and b horror flicks and reconnects to life through a queer chosen family . then a look into the future shows jonathan as he confronts the symbiotic and almost unbearable love he shares with his beautiful and tragically damaged mother .
set in london the film involves stage actors and their experiences with love and revenge .
it 's the christmas season . wealthy chicago ad executive drew latham has long avoided the family traditions of christmas but has dreaded being alone on the actual day . so when his tropical christmas vacation with girlfriend missy vangilder falls through with missy breaking up with him in the process drew in going through some self -therapy decides what he really needs is to relive the memorable christmases from his childhood which includes spending time with his parents and younger brother . as that is not possible he decides to rent a family namely ones he 's never met before the valcos - husband and wife tom and christine and their teenaged son brian - who now live in drew 's childhood home in suburban chicago . tom initially wants nothing to do with drew until an exorbitant sum of money is involved all written in a contract which expires at the end of christmas day . what drew is initially unaware of or what he chooses to remain ignorant about is that the valcos are going through their own family problems which are only exacerbated by drew 's presence . for the valcos the questions become whether they can endure drew 's stay until the end of christmas day and if they can if the money will solve their family problems . in the process drew may come to an admission to himself of what he wants in life and perhaps how best to achieve it . the achieving it may be difficult if he doesn 't fully know that life and as external forces come into play to complicate matters .
a cockney womanizer learns the hard way about the dangers of his actions .
two men reaching middle age with not much to show but disappointment embark on a week -long road trip through california 's wine country just as one is about to take a trip down the aisle .
trevor reznik is a machinist in a factory . an extreme case of insomnia has led to him not sleeping in a year and his body withering away to almost nothing . he has an obsessive compulsion to write himself reminder notes and keep track of his dwindling weight both scribbled on yellow stickies in his apartment . the only person he lets into his life in an emotional sense is stevie a prostitute although he has an infatuation with maria a single mother waitress working in an airport diner . his co -workers don 't associate with and mistrust him because of not knowing what is going on in his life that has led to his emaciated physical appearance . a workplace incident further alienates him with his coworkers and in conjunction with some unfamiliar pieces of paper he finds in his apartment trevor believes that someone or some people - probably one or some of his coworkers - are out to get him using a phantom employee named ivan as their front . as trevor goes on a search for evidence as to ivan 's schemes and whereabouts trevor may come to a true understanding of what has caused his insomnia .
vera drake is a selfless woman who is completely devoted to and loved by her working class family . she spends her days doting on them and caring for her sick neighbor and elderly mother . however she also secretly visits women and helps them induce miscarriages for unwanted pregnancies . while the practice itself was illegal in england vera sees herself as simply helping women in need and always does so with a smile and kind words of encouragement . when the authorities finally find her out vera 's world and family life rapidly unravel .
antoine fuqua 's documentary on the blues shot at radio city music hall in new york city .
following the death of his wife audrey john munn moves with his two sons mid -teen chris munn and adolescent tim munn to a pig farm in rural drees county georgia where they lead a ...
two strangers awaken in a room with no recollection of how they got there or why and soon discover they are pawns in a deadly game perpetrated by a notorious serial killer .
the story of ray charles music legend . told in his adult live with flashbacks to his youth we see his humble origins in florida his turbulent childhood which included losing his brother and then his sight his rise as pianist in a touring band his writing his own songs and running his own band and then stardom . also includes his addiction to drugs and its affect on his working life and family life .
bob parr (a.k.a. mr . incredible ) and his wife helen (a.k.a. elastigirl ) are the world 's greatest famous crime -fighting superheroes in metroville . always saving lives and battling evil on a daily basis . but fifteen years later they have been forced to adopt civilian identities and retreat to the suburbs where they have no choice but to retire as superheroes to live a "normal life " with their three children violet dash and jack -jack (who were secretly born with superpowers ). itching to get back into action bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top secret assignment . he soon discovers that it will take a super family effort to rescue the world from total destruction .
it 's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near -future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . john and world -famous ice skating star ...
a fictionalized account of the last days of opera singer maria callas (ardant).
a young boy embarks on a magical adventure to the north pole on the polar express . during his adventure he learns about friendship bravery and the spirit of christmas .
a look at the life of alfred kinsey a pioneer in the area of human sexuality research whose publication "sexual behavior in the human male " was one of the first recorded works that saw science address sexual behavior .
after a successful last score a master thief retires to an island paradise . his lifelong nemesis a crafty fbi agent washes ashore to ensure he 's making good on his promise . the pair soon enters into a new game of cat -and-mouse.
the story picks up four weeks after the first film and already bridget jones is becoming uncomfortable in her relationship with mark darcy . apart from discovering that he 's a conservative voter she has to deal with a new boss strange contractor and the worst vacation of her life .
london . renowned playwright j .m. barrie (james)'s latest effort has garnered less than positive reviews something he knew would be the case even before the play 's mounting . this failure places pressure on james to write another play quickly as impresario charles frohman needs another to replace the failure to keep his theater viable . out for a walk with his dog in part to let his creative juices flow james stumbles upon the llewelyn davies family : recently widowed sylvia llewelyn davies (the daughter of now deceased author george l . du maurier ) and her four adolescent sons . james and the family members become friends largely based on he and the boys being able to foster in each other the imagination of children james just being the biggest among them in this regard . sylvia also welcomes james into their lives he who becomes an important and integral part of it . among the six of them the only one who does not want to partake is sylvia 's third peter llewelyn davies who is still grieving the reality of their lives where his father was there one day planning an outing for the family and gone the next . two other people who don 't appreciate james in the llewelyn davies ' lives are : his wife mary barrie who always feels the need to be the responsible one in their relationship and who feels threatened by his friendship with an unmarried woman ; and emma du maurier sylvia 's overbearing mother who sees him as an obstacle to sylvia moving on with her life with another potential husband and an impediment to maintaining discipline within the boys . james still hopes to bring peter out of his self -imposed shell but in the process comes up with an idea for another play based on an amalgam of himself and peter that play which eventually becomes what charles sees as a largely unmountable and thus doomed production called "peter pan ". this process of helping peter could take a step backward when it looks like sylvia may imminently befall a similar fate to that of her late husband .
benjamin franklin gates descends from a family of treasure -seekers who 've all hunted for the same thing : a war chest hidden by the founding fathers after the revolutionary war . ben 's close to discovering its whereabouts as is his competition but the fbi is also hip to the hunt .
in the early two boys - ignacio and enrique - discover love movies and fear in a christian school . father manolo the school principal and literature teacher both witnesses and takes part in these discoveries . the three characters come against one another twice again in the late and in . these meetings are set to change the life and death of some of them .
after king neptune 's crown is stolen spongebob and patrick go on a quest in days to retrieve his crown . on the way spongebob and patrick defeat many evildoers using their brains and bronzes . while this is happening someone is taking over bikini bottom and spongebob and patrick must defeat this mastermind .
conquering % of the known world by the age of alexander the great led his armies through miles of sieges and conquests in just eight years . coming out of tiny macedonia (today part of republic of macedonia ) alexander led his armies against the mighty persian empire drove west to egypt and finally made his way east to india . this film will concentrate on those eight years of battles as well as his relationship with his boyhood friend and battle mate hephaestion . alexander died young of illness at . alexander 's conquests paved the way for the spread of greek culture (facilitating the spread of christianity centuries later ) and removed many of the obstacles that might have prevented the expansion of the roman empire . in other words the world we know today might never have been if not for alexander 's bloody yet unifying conquest .
bilkis banu lost her husband hasan on the bloody night of march . she tries to forget him and concentrate on the urban guerrilla movements of dhaka with altaf mahmud shahadat ...
the relationships of two couples become complicated and deceitful when the man from one couple meets the woman of the other .
a -year-old boy escapes from a bulgarian communist concentration camp and sets out on a journey to reach denmark .
a romantic police captain breaks a beautiful member of a rebel group out of prison to help her rejoin her fellows but things are not what they seem .
daniel ocean recruits one more team member so he can pull off three major european heists in this sequel to ocean 's .
a half -vampire half -mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race while slaying evil vampires .
stanley is a bellboy at the fountainbleau hotel in miami beach . it is there that he performs his duties quietly and without a word to anyone . all that he displays are facial expressions and a comedic slapstick style . and anything that can go wrong - does go wrong when stanley is involved . then one day jerry lewis big star arrives at the hotel and some of the staff notice the striking resemblance . stanley continues to do what he was hired to do while star lewis has more trouble with his entourage than the hotel accommodations .
an examination of political consultant karl rove 's influence on george w . bush 's candidacy .
film adaptation of the george abbott broadway musical about a washington senators fan who makes a pact with the devil to help his baseball team win the league pennant .
some of mgm 's musical stars review the studio 's history of musicals . from the hollywood revue of to brigadoon from the first musical talkies to gene kelly in singin ' in the rain are examined .
lieutenant rip crandall is hoodwinked into taking command of the "wackiest ship in the navy " - a real garbage scow with a crew of misfits who don 't know a jib from a jigger . what none of ...
a seemingly normal young boy turns out to be a top secret military -created robot with superhuman abilities .
this film recreates the strange events which happened on november in the town snowflake arizona . travis walton works as a logger in the white mountains . when he and his colleagues drive home after work they encounter a flying saucer . travis gets out of the truck to learn more and is struck by a beam of light from the object . for the next five days travis disappears without a trace and his colleagues are accused of murder . when he reappears first he didn 't remember that he was gone but in time the terrible memories come back ...
a love story between two psychopaths that turns into a dare -or-not-dare game .
despite their different social class ruby and boake grew up together in the north carolina . ruby corey lived with her poor family in the swamps while boake tackman lived in a mansion with servants . as long as their friendship stayed within the socially acceptable limits no one objected . in adulthood their friendship becomes a mutual romantic attraction . ruby wants to marry boake but he only seems interested in romantic play without commitment . maybe conscious of his social status or maybe being afraid to offend his snobbish family and conservative hometown folk he marries a rich girl . out of revenge ruby marries jim gentry a recently widowed rich old man to whom many townsfolk and local businesses owe money . when gentry dies in an accident the town blames ruby . a now rich ruby takes revenge on the town 's folk by calling in their debts and loans . the girl from the swamps has become the town 's biggest nightmare .
a chronicle which provides a rare window into the international perception of the iraq war courtesy of al jazeera the arab world 's most popular news outlet . roundly criticized by cabinet members and pentagon officials for reporting with a pro -iraqi bias and strongly condemned for frequently airing civilian causalities as well as footage of american pows the station has revealed (and continues to show the world ) everything about the iraq war that the bush administration did not want it to see .
the film is set in a terrorizing world of the future where technology commands the movements of individuals supervised by the doctors carrying out a program to improve the human race . thus instead of doctors creating a monster the monsters are already there as the species of the future - but one of them is suspected by the doctors of being a human being . that is golem in reverse .
part history lesson followed by re -enactments with actors this film takes depicts the history of witchcraft from its earliest days through to the present day (in this or thereabouts ). the result is a documentary -like film that must be among the first to use re -enactments as a visual and narrative tool . from pagan worship to satanic rites to hysteria the film takes you on a journey through the ages with highly effective visual sequences .
a film projectionist longs to be a detective and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend 's father 's pocketwatch .
a high school sophomore girl struggles dating an upperclassman .
the sudden fortune won from a lottery fans such destructive greed that it ruins the lives of the three people involved .
a disfigured violinist haunts the paris opera house .
the rise and inevitable fall of an amoral but naive young woman whose insouciant eroticism inspires lust and violence in those around her .
the effete son of a cantankerous riverboat captain comes to join his father 's crew .
a small -time criminal moves to a big city to seek bigger fortune .
the shocking true stories of the world 's strangest cartoons .
a chemist finds his personal and professional life turned upside down when one of his chimpanzees finds the fountain of youth .
tony montana manages to leave cuba during the mariel exodus of . he finds himself in a florida refugee camp but his friend manny has a way out for them : undertake a contract killing and arrangements will be made to get a green card . he 's soon working for drug dealer frank lopez and shows his mettle when a deal with colombian drug dealers goes bad . he also brings a new level of violence to miami . tony is protective of his younger sister but his mother knows what he does for a living and disowns him . tony is impatient and wants it all however including frank 's empire and his mistress elvira hancock . once at the top however tony 's outrageous actions make him a target and everything comes crumbling down .
millicent jordan is pre -occupied with the plans she is making for a high -class dinner party . her husband oliver is in failing health and he is also worried because someone is trying to buy up the stock in his shipping business - even his old friend carlotta wants to sell her stock . hoping to get help from businessman dan packard he persuades millicent against her wishes to invite packard and his wife to the dinner . as oliver 's problems get worse millicent is increasingly quick -tempered because the plans for the party are not going smoothly . as the time for the dinner approaches it appears that the hosts and the guests will all have plenty on their minds .
in the gay nineties a seductive nightclub singer contends with several suitors including a jealous escaped convict and a handsome temperance league member .
train heartnet is a famous assassin known as black cat . he works for chronos an organization that secretly controls the world . however he begins to question the morality of his actions after he befriends two bounty hunters named saya and sven a thief named rinslet and a young girl named eve .
in world war ii germany the tough sergeant don 'wardaddy' collier commands a tank and survives a german attack with his veteran crew composed of boyd 'bible' swan trini 'gordo' garcia and grady 'coon-ass' travis . he receives a rookie soldier norman ellison as the substitute for his deceased gunner and he tries to harden the youth along the way .
a newspaper man his jilted fiance and his lawyer hatch an elaborate scheme to turn a false news story into the truth before a high -society woman can sue for libel .
longfellow deeds lives in a small town leading a small town kind of life - including playing the tuba in the town band . when a relative dies and leaves deeds a fortune longfellow picks up his tuba and moves to the big city where he becomes an instant target for everyone from the greedy opera committee to the sensationist daily newspaper . deeds outwits them all until babe bennett comes along . babe is a hot -shot reporter who figures the best way to get close to deeds is to pose as a damsel in distress . when small -town boy meets big -city girl anything can and does happen .
two puritans encounter petrified pilgrims and native americans in the forest . the puritan daughter intuits this reality through the spirit of christ thus convincing the father not to kill the 'pillars of salt .'
hazel flagg of warsaw vermont receives the news that her terminal case of radium poisoning from a workplace incident was a complete misdiagnosis with mixed emotions . she is happy not to be dying but she who has never traveled the world was going to use the money paid to her by her factory to go to new york in style . she believes her dreams can still be realized when wally cook arrives in town . he is a new york reporter with the morning star newspaper . he believes that hazel 's valiant struggle concerning her impending death is just the type of story he needs to resurrect his name within reporting circles after a recent story he wrote led to scandal and a major demotion at the newspaper . he proposes to take hazel to new york both to report on her story but also to provide her with a grand farewell to life . she accepts . wally 's story results in hazel becoming the toast of new york . in spending time together wally and hazel fall in love . hazel not only has to figure out what to do about her relationship with wally but also how to conclude her now very public story which all of new york expects will be a public and imminent death . others however may conclude the story for her .
a boardinghouse full of aspiring actresses and their ambitions dreams and disappointments .
a fun -loving couple finding that they died and are now ghosts decide to shake up the stuffy lifestyle of a friend of theirs .
a military officer attempts to hunt down a terrorist destroy a terrorist gang and deactivate the sleeper cells under its command .
paula 's aunt alice alquist a famous entertainer is murdered in her home . paula who lives with her aunt finds the body . police fail to find the killer and paula is sent away to school . ten years later paula returns to london with her new husband . they take up residence in her aunt 's house which she has inherited . paula is increasingly isolated by her husband but does come to the attention of an admirer of her aunt mr . brian cameron .
the story of unfortunate lovers heathcliff and cathy who despite a deep affection for one another are forced by circumstance and prejudice to live their apart . heathcliff and cathy first meet as children when her father brings the abandoned boy to live with them . when the old man dies several years later cathy 's brother now the master of the estate turns heathcliff out forcing him to live with the servants and working as a stable boy . the barrier of class comes between them and she eventually marries a rich neighbor mr . edgar linton at which point heathcliff disappears . he returns several years later now a rich man but little can be done .
in andrew bagby a medical resident is murdered not long after breaking up with his girlfriend . soon after when she announces she 's pregnant one of andrew 's many close friends kurt kuenne begins this film a gift to the child . friends relatives and colleagues say warm and loving things about andrew home movies confirm his exuberance . andrew 's parents kathleen and david move to newfoundland canada where the ex -girlfriend has gone . they await an arrest and trial of the murderer . they negotiate with the ex -girlfriend to visit their grandchild zachary and they seek custody . is there any justice ; is zachary a sweet and innocent consolation for the loss of their son ?
sexy wisecracking nightclub singer sugarpuss o 'shea is a hot tomato who needs to be kept on ice : mobster boyfriend joe lilac is suspected of murder and sugarpuss ' testimony could put him away . naive professor bertram potts meets miss o 'shea while researching an article on slang and in true romantic comedy fashion the two worlds collide . when miss o 'shea hides out with potts and his fellow professors everyone learns something new : the professors how to cha -cha and potts the meaning of "yum-yum"!
fields wants to sell a film story to esoteric studios . on the way he gets insulted by little boys beat up for ogling a woman and abused by a waitress . he becomes his niece 's guardian when her mother is killed in a trapeze fall during the making of a circus movie . he and his niece who he finds at a shooting gallery fly to mexico to sell wooden nutmegs in a russian colony . trying to catch his bottle as it falls from the plane he lands on a mountain peak where lives the man - eating mrs . hemogloben . when he gets to the russian colony he finds leon errol (father of the insulting boys and owner of the shooting gallery ) already selling wooden nutmegs . he decides to woo the wealthy mrs . hemogloben but when he gets there errol has preceded him . the mexican adventure is the story that esoteric studios would not buy .
nick lang is a famous hollywood actor well known for his action movies . for his next movie he needs the proper motivation and inspiration for his role . thus he teams up with the reluctant new york policeman lt . john moss . not only does he have to put up with nick who is laborious and out of touch with realities but he also has to catch a coldblooded murderer .
an amnesiac world war i vet falls in love with a music hall star only to suffer an accident which restores his original memories but erases his post -war life .
a los angeles rams quarterback accidentally taken away from his body by an overanxious angel before he was meant to die returns to life in the body of a recently murdered millionaire .
in a -century danish village an old woman is accused of witchcraft . in the shadow of her flight capture confession and burning at the stake the young wife of the town 's aging pastor falls in love with the pastor 's son . her confession of this illicit affair to her husband brings on her husband 's death . at the funeral the pastor 's mother denounces the young widow as a witch . will the widow 's lover come to her defense or has the day of wrath returned ?
this mostly unrelated sequel to cat people has amy the young daughter of oliver and alice reed . amy is a very imaginative child who has trouble differentiating fantasy from reality and has no friends her own age as a result . she makes an imaginary friend though her father 's dead first wife irena . at about the same time she befriends julia farren an aging reclusive actress who is alienated from her own daughter barbara .
king henry v of england is insulted by the king of france . as a result he leads his army into battle against france . along the way the young king must struggle with the sinking morale of his troops and his own inner doubts . the war culminates at the bloody battle of agincourt .
stephen neale is released into wwii england after two years in an asylum but it doesn 't seem so sane outside either . on his way back to london to rejoin civilization he stumbles across a murderous spy ring and doesn 't quite know who to turn to .
it 's in new york city . adult brother and sister trippy trellis and fanny trellis whose parents are now deceased were once wealthy but trippy squandered away the family fortune about which no one knows except their cousin george trellis and their many creditors . fanny and trippy still put on the faade to the outside world that they have money . the beautiful fanny can have any man that she wants to marry but she sets her sights on job skeffington the son of russian -jewish immigrants . job 's wealth was self -made in finance . they met as trippy was once employed by job in his brokerage house . fanny and job who is now aware of the trellis ' financial straits ultimately do get married much to the consternation of fanny 's many suitors but most specifically to trippy who knows the reason why fanny married him . job also realizes that fanny does not love him but is unaware of the real reason she agreed to marry him . after their marriage fanny 's suitors are still around with more joining the ranks which job does not mind as he is aware that fanny is not leading them on . but when the reason for fanny marrying job no longer exists their relationship changes . they have to figure out what to do which now takes into consideration their daughter also named fanny . as time goes on they grow into middle age and fanny 's physical beauty deteriorates fanny comes to the realization of what is really important in life .
a romantic drama partially set in amsterdam the story starts out in a mining area in holland where conditions are about as rough as they get . two of the miners italians federico (lino ventura ) and vincenzo (bernard fresson ) take off together for the city 's red -light district where the women pose in windows for prospective customers . there the duo meets else (marina vlady ) and carrel (magali noel ) who are willing to leave their windows to spend a weekend at a resort with the two men . soon else falls in love with vincenzo and the future of the two hookers as well as of the miners seems to look brighter .
a dramatized account of the role of the american pt boats in the defense of the philippines in world war ii .
captain jack sparrow (depp) crosses paths with a woman from his past (cruz) and he 's not sure if it 's love -- or if she 's a ruthless con artist who 's using him to find the fabled fountain of youth . when she forces him aboard the queen anne 's revenge the ship of the formidable pirate blackbeard (mcshane) jack finds himself on an unexpected adventure in which he doesn 't know who to fear more : blackbeard or the woman from his past .
the ambitious stanton "stan" carlisle works in a sideshow as carny and assistant of the mentalist zeena krumbein who is married with the alcoholic pete . the couple had developed a secret code to pretend to read minds and was successful in the show business before pete starts drinking . stan stays with them expecting to learn their code and leave the carnival to be a successful mentalist . stan also flirts with the gorgeous molly that lives in the carnival with the strong bruno . zeena and the savage an alcoholic man that eats live chickens that the audiences believe that is a savage are the greatest attractions of the sideshow . when stan gives booze to pete and he dies stan finds that pete had drunk methyl alcohol and not his booze but he feels guilty for the death of him . zeena teaches the code to him and molly helps stan to learn them . after an incident stan is forced to marry molly and he decides to move to chicago with her to become a sensation in a night club . one day he meets the psychologist lilith ritter and he finds that she tapes the sessions with her clients from the high -society. the trickster stan envisions a scheme to raise a high amount of money swindling rich people . but his ambition brings him back to the life in the sideshow .
a wounded irish nationalist leader attempts to evade police following a failed robbery . action takes place in belfast northern ireland .
a nightclub performer hires a naive chorus girl to become his new dance partner to make his former partner jealous and to prove he can make any partner a star .
fascinated by gorgeous mrs . bannister seaman michael o 'hara joins a bizarre yachting cruise and ends up mired in a complex murder plot .
in vienna in stefan brand must face a duel the following morning . he has no intention of defending his honor however and plans to flee the city when he notices that he has received a letter from someone in his past . a struggling concert pianist at the time he met lisa berndle when she was just a teenager living next door . brand has had many women in his life however and unaware that lisa is genuinely in love with him forgets all about her . they meet again but he only vaguely remembers ever having met her . unknown to him she bears his child and eventually marries a man who knows of her past but loves her very much . when she runs into brand many years later her love for him resurfaces and she is prepared to abandon her son son and husband for him . tragedy follows .
in the three prisoners flee from a state prison farm in mississippi . among them is -years-young bowie who spent the last seven years in prison and now hopes to be able to prove his innocence or retire to a home in the mountains and live in peace together with his new love keechie . but his criminal companions persuade him to participate in several heists and soon the police believe him to be their leader and go after "bowie the kid " harder than ever .
sir alfred de carter suspects his wife of infidelity . while conducting a symphony orchestra he imagines three different ways of dealing with the situation . when the concert ends he tries acting out his fantasies but things do not go as well in reality as they did in his imagination .
lora may hollingsway who grew up next to the wrong side of the tracks married her boss who thinks she is just a gold digger . rita phipps makes as much money writing radio scripts at night as her school teacher husband does . deborah bishop looked great in a navy uniform in wwii but fears she 'll never be dressed just right for the country club set . these three wives are boarding a boat filled with children going on a picnic when a messenger on a bicycle hands them a letter addressed to all three from addie who has just left town with one of their husbands . they won 't know which one until that night .
allan quatermain is a fortune hunter who is convinced by jesse huston to help her find her father who 's been lost somewhere in the african jungle during his last exploration .
a small -town farmer down on her luck finds her homestead invaded by a theatrical troupe invited to stay by her ne 'er-do-well sister .
carrie white a shy friendless year -old girl who is sheltered by her domineering religious mother unleashes her telekinetic powers after being humiliated by her classmates at her senior prom .
mae doyle comes back to her hometown a cynical woman . her brother joe fears that his love fish cannery worker peggy may wind up like mae . mae marries jerry and has a baby ; she is happy but restless drawn to jerry 's friend earl .
when churlish spoiled rich man bob merrick foolishly wrecks his speed boat the rescue team resuscitates him with equipment that 's therefore unavailable to aid a local hero dr . wayne ...
depicts the early life of the legendary warrior musashi miyamoto ; his years as an aspiring warrior an outlaw and finally a true samurai .
norman maine a movie star whose career is on the wane meets showgirl esther blodgett when he drunkenly stumbles into her act one night . a friendship develops then blossoms into romance before tensions increase as esther 's career takes off while norman 's continues to plummet .
cop -hating johnny strabler is recounting the fateful events that led up to the "whole mess " as he calls it his role in the mess and whether he could have stopped it from happening . the black rebels a motorcycle gang of which johnny is the leader cause a ruckus using intimidation wherever they go with their actions bordering on the unlawful . on the day of the mess they invade a motorcycle racing event at which they cause a general disturbance culminating with one of the gang members stealing a second place trophy to give to johnny . despite not being the larger winning trophy it symbolizes to johnny his leadership within the group . their next stop is a small town where their disturbance and intimidation tactics continue . some in town don 't mind their arrival as long as they spend money . harry bleeker the local sheriff doesn 't much like them but is so ineffective and weak that he doesn 't do anything to stop them much to the annoyance of some of the other townsfolk who see the gang as being a criminal element not to be tolerated . johnny is attracted to the innocent kathie bleeker the waitress at the local caf who is initially intimidated by johnny and the gang . his feelings change when he learns she is sheriff bleeker 's daughter . the actions of the gang escalates when the beetles a splinter group of the black rebels arrive in town . as things start to get out of hand between the gangs some of the townsfolk such as charlie thomas who is in his own right a bully albeit one of the "establishment" decide to take matters into their own hands . but kathie may make johnny change his beliefs especially about what is happening this day in the town .
the history of nazi germany 's death camps of the final solution and the hellish world of dehumanization and death contained inside .
after years on the road establishing his reputation as japan 's greatest samurai takezo returns to kyoto . otsu waits for him yet he has come not for her but to challenge the leader of the region 's finest school for kendo . to prove his valor and skill he walks deliberately into ambushes set up by the school 's followers . while otsu waits akemi also seeks him expressing her desires directly . meanwhile takezo is observed by sasaki kojiro a brilliant young fighter confident he can dethrone takezo . after leaving kyoto in triumph takezo declares his love for otsu but in a way that dishonors her and shames him . once again he leaves alone .
ellison (aka l ) just graduated high school and life is breezy . but after his father suddenly dies all his security is gone . he bounces from place to place staying with a series of friends before landing on the street and into a shelter . desperate he tries to enlist but the asthma he got from government housing disqualifies him for the army . finally he turns to zee his charismatic wealthy neighbor who has hustled his way up from the streets . will l honor his hard -working father or go the way of the streets ?
in the war 's closing days when a conscience -driven japanese soldier fails to get his countrymen to surrender to overwhelming force he adopts the lifestyle of a buddhist monk .
billy bigelow has been dead for fifteen years and now outside the pearly gates he long waived his right to go back to earth for a day . but he has heard that there is a problem with his family namely his wife julie bigelow ne jordan and the child he never met that problem with which he would now like to head back to earth to assist in rectifying . before he is allowed back to earth he has to get the ok from the gatekeeper to who he tells his story ... immediately attracted to each other he and julie met when he worked as a carousel barker . both stated to the other that they did not believe in love or marriage but they did get married . because the shrewish carousel owner mrs . mullin was attracted to billy herself and since she believed he was only of use as a barker if he was single to attract the young women to the carousel she fired him . with no other job skills and unwilling to take just any job billy did not provide for julie but rather lived off julie 's aunt nettie . but billy figured he could be the breadwinner through his association with a criminal lowlife named jigger craigin which led to his death . in going back to earth billy not only hopes to help his child but "tell" julie of his true feeling for her .
a humble and simple takezo abandons his life as a knight errant . he 's sought as a teacher and vassal by shogun japan 's most powerful clan leader . he 's also challenged to fight by the supremely confident and skillful sasaki kojiro . takezo agrees to fight kojiro in a year 's time but rejects shogun 's patronage choosing instead to live on the edge of a village raising vegetables . he 's followed there by otsu and later by akemi both in love with him . the year ends as takezo assists the villagers against a band of brigands . he seeks otsu 's forgiveness and accepts her love then sets off across the water to ganryu island for his final contest .
in the japanese mining village of kitamatsu miners ares starting to disappear deep inside shaft number . some of the men sent to investigate are killed but one who has managed to escape brings back a tale of a giant insect . soon the giant prehistoric insects are attacking the village . not long after something traveling faster than the speed of sound is found flying in the sky . it is rodan a giant flying prehistoric reptile that has come to life . it spreads terror throughout japan and is seemingly invincible to any weapon they may throw at it .
biography of charles lindburgh from his days of precarious mail runs in aviation 's infancy to his design of a small transatlantic plane and the vicissitudes of its takeoff and epochal flight from new york to paris in .
michel takes up picking pockets as a hobby and is arrested almost immediately giving him the chance to reflect on the morality of crime . after his release though his mother dies and he rejects the support of friends jeanne and jacques in favour of returning to pickpocketing (after taking lessons from an expert ) because he realises that it 's the only way he can express himself ...
the emotional story of a young man in a mental institution for teens who begins to understand his psychosis in the environment of others with mental and emotional problems . he finds intimacy with lisa a young woman suffering from dissociative identity disorder .
peace in -century japan causes the shogunate 's breakup of warrior clans throwing thousands of samurai out of work and into poverty . an honorable end to such fate under the samurai code is ritual suicide or hara -kiri (self-inflicted disembowelment ). an elder warrior hanshiro tsugumo (tatsuya nakadai ) seeks admittance to the house of a feudal lord to commit the act . there he learns of the fate of his son -in-law a young samurai who sought work at the house but was instead barbarically forced to commit traditional hara -kiri in an excruciating manner with a dull bamboo blade . in flashbacks the samurai tells the tragic story of his son -in-law and how he was forced to sell his real sword to support his sick wife and child . tsugumo thus sets in motion a tense showdown of revenge against the house .
midshipman roger byam joins captain bligh and fletcher christian aboard the hms bounty for a voyage to tahiti . bligh proves to be a brutal tyrant and after six pleasant months on tahiti ...
a civil war civilian is to be executed by hanging but when the plank is kicked away instead of breaking his neck he manages to miraculously escape unscathed or did he ?
the story of wilhelm and jacob grimm and three of their stories ...
stuck in a hotel at the seaside adeline senses the feature film she is shooting won 't go back into production due to ongoing complications . she spends her time in the grip of boredom finally merging with the character she portrays . soon after recalling the events that led her to rimini in a two day drive through europe following a disturbing murder in berlin adeline finds herself on the verge of losing touch with reality trapped between dreams and fiction .
as the story opens king henry ii who ruled england from to has entered canterbury cathedral to do penance at the tomb of his former friend thomas becket . bare to the waist the king kneels to receive a flogging from saxon monks . he begins to reminisce recalling at first the carefree promiscuous adventures with becket then his favorite drinking and wenching companion . a violently emotional drama that probes the changing relationship between two young men - between two close friends bound together by similar pride of flesh and spirit who become deadly enemies as they pursue their separate destinies . . . that of king . . . and saint .
a vacationing woman meets her ideal man leading to a swift marriage . back at home however their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple .
after being forcefully inducted as a soldier into war in century japan his wife and mother remain living in a swamp . they eke out their living by ambushing worn -out warriors killing them and selling their belongings to a greedy merchant . the woman comes to mistrust her daughter -in-law who has coupled up with a deserter and begins to wear a facial mask she has taken from a slain samurai . in this disguise she is at first taken for a demon by her daughter .
in a dilapidated rural mansion the last generation of the degenerate inbred merrye family lives with the inherited curse of a disease that causes them to mentally regress from the age of or so on as they physically develop . the family chauffeur looks out for them and covers up their indiscretions . trouble comes when greedy distant relatives and their lawyer arrive to dispossess the family of its home .
a film commissioned by the algerian government that shows the algerian revolution from both sides . the french foreign legion has left vietnam in defeat and has something to prove . the algerians are seeking independence . the two clash . the torture used by the french is contrasted with the algerian 's use of bombs in soda shops . a look at war as a nasty thing that harms and sullies everyone who participates in it .
when charlie brown complains about the overwhelming materialism that he sees amongst everyone during the christmas season lucy suggests that he become director of the school christmas paegent . charlie brown accepts but it proves to be a frustrating struggle . when an attempt to restore the proper spirit with a forlorn little fir christmas tree fails he needs linus ' help to learn what the real meaning of christmas is .
a middle -aged iconoclast doggedly avoiding the tedium of employment and conventional life faces the prospect of losing custody of his young ward .
the life times and afflictions of the fifteenth -century russian iconographer .
the story of a mistreated donkey and the people around him . a study on saintliness and a sister piece to bresson 's mouchette .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
jeanne a writer married with two children - starts to see unsettling changes in her home . her body is beginning to change . no one around her seems to notice . her family dismisses these fears as the result of the stress of having to finish her next book but jeanne realizes that something far deeper far more disturbing is taking place . a photograph at her mother 's house sends her in search of a woman in italy . here transformed into another woman rosamaria she will discover the strange secret of her true identity .
fando and his partially paralyzed lover lis search for the mythical city of tar . based on jodorowsky 's memories of a play by surrealist fernando arrabal .
lindsey and geena spend some time together by the pool while their husbands play golf . after talking about their fantasies they begin to enact a few of them for each other . soon they incorporate lindsey 's husband joe into their intimate games . when straight -laced brad finds out what his wife and friends have been doing he blows up threatening their marriages and friendships .
mal reese is in a real bind - owing a good deal of money to his organized crime bosses - and gets his friend walker to join him in a heist . it goes off without a hitch but when reese realizes the take isn 't as large as he had hoped he kills walker - or so he thinks . some time later walker decides the time has come get his share of the money and starts with his ex -wife lynne who took up with reese after the shooting . that leads him on a trail - to his wife 's sister chris to reese himself then onto big stegmam then frederick carter and on and up the line of gangsters all in an effort to get money from people who simply won 't acknowledge that he 's owed anything .
documentary filmmaker frederick wiseman takes us inside the massachusetts correctional institution bridgewater where people stay trapped in their madness .
a couple in the south of france non -sequentially spin down the highways of infidelity in their troubled ten -year marriage .
sylvia barrett is a rookie teacher at new york 's inner -city calvin coolidge high : her lit classes are overcrowded a window is broken there 's no chalk books arrive late . the administration is concerned mainly with forms and rules (there's an up and a down staircase ); bells ring at the wrong time . nevertheless she tries . how she handles the chaos and her despair in her first semester makes up the film : a promising student drops out another sleeps through class a girl with a crush on a male teacher gets suicidal and a bright but troublesome student misunderstands sylvia 's reaching out . a discussion of dickens parents ' night and a mock trial highlight the term . can she make it ?
when deaf mute singer moves to a small city to be near his only friend confined in a hospital he grows attached to his landlady 's sensitive -year-old daughter .
a cinematic adaption of arlo guthrie 's classic song story .
the narrator (jean-louis) a devout catholic moves to a provincial town and vows to marry francoise a pretty blond he notices at mass . vidal an old school friend invites him to visit the recently divorced maud and the narrator ends up staying the night having philosophical discussions in her bedroom . next morning the narrator engineers a meeting with francoise .
two teenagers fall in love over the summer in spite of cynical and disapproving adults who dismiss their relationship as being nothing but young love .
chas a violent and psychotic east london gangster needs a place to lie low after a hit that should never have been carried out . he finds the perfect cover in the form of guest house run by the mysterious mr . turner a one -time rock superstar who is looking for the right spark to rekindle his faded talent .
in -century france father urbain grandier seeks to protect the city of loudun from the corrupt establishment of cardinal richelieu . hysteria occurs within the city when he is accused of witchcraft by a sexually repressed nun .
while traveling through the desert for an appointment with a client the businessman david mann from california passes a slow and old tanker truck . the psychotic truck driver feels offended and chases david along the empty highway trying to kill him .
set in cold rural quebec at christmas time we follow the coming of age of a young boy and the life of his family which owns the town 's general store and undertaking business .
el topo decides to confront warrior masters on a trans -formative desert journey he begins with his year old son who must bury his childhood totems to become a man . el topo (the mole ) claims to be god while dressed as a gunfighter in black riding a horse through a spiritual mystical landscape strewn with old western movie and ancient eastern religious symbols . bandits slaughtered a village on his path so el topo avenges the massacred then forcibly takes their leader 's woman mara as his . el topo 's surreal way is bloody sexual and self -reflective musing of his own demons as he tries to vanquish those he encounters .
the moon rises at a predestined angle and awakens the sleeping dr . phibes three years later . to his dismay he finds his house has been demolished and his papyrus scrolls stolen the scrolls he needs to find the pharoah 's tomb in egypt where the river of life flows . after identifying the source of the papyrus theft he packs and leaves for egypt with his assistant vulnavia still intent upon awakening his dead wife victoria . the parties responsible for the theft of phibes ' scrolls suffer an attrition problem as inspector trout chases him across the world .
two factions of the french secret service involve a seemingly normal orchestra player francois perrin into their battle as one side uses him as a decoy . soon agents are all over the place and one of them christine is sent to seduce francois . meanwhile francois has his own problems tangled up in an affair with his best friend 's wife .
the story of the troubled life and career of the legendary jazz singer billie holiday .
jack beauregard once the greatest gunslinger of the old west only wants to move to europe and retire in peace but a young gunfighter known only as "nobody" idolizes him and wants to see him go out in a blaze of glory . he arranges for jack to face the -man gang known as the wild bunch and earn his place in history .
max is an ex -con who 's been saving money to open a car wash in pittsburgh . lionel is a sailor who 's returning home to the midwest to see the child born while he was at sea . they form an unlikely pair as the brawling max learns a little how lionel copes with the world : lionel believes that the scarecrow doesn 't scare birds but instead amuses them - birds find scare -crows funny .
sisters kate and maura ellis are summoned home to clean out their childhood bedroom before their parents sell the family house much to their dismay . looking to recapture their glory days they throw one final high -school-style party for their classmates which turns into the cathartic rager that a bunch a ground -down adults really need .
a down on his luck gambler links up with free spirit elliot gould at first to have some fun on but then gets into debt when gould takes an unscheduled trip to tijuana . as a final act of desperation he pawns most of his possessions and goes to reno for the poker game of a lifetime . a film set mainly in casinos and races as the two win and lose (but mainly win ) get robbed and get blind drunk .
emmanuelle is a beautiful young model and lives in bangkok together with her husband jean who 's several years older . she likes him because he 's taught her much and he likes her because she 's learning so well - and wants to often . both are very tolerant in matters of extramarital affairs so he doesn 't mind the young marie -ange coming over every so often although she obviously wants more than talk from his wife . but emmanuelle is more fascinated by the older bee and joins her on a trip into the jungle .
one of luis bunuel 's most free -form and purely surrealist films consisting of a series of only vaguely related episodes - most famously the dinner party scene where people sit on ...
in serbia baron frankenstein lives with the baroness and their two children . he dreams of a super -race returning serbia to its grand connections to ancient greece . in his laboratory assisted by otto he builds a desirable female body but needs a male who will be super -body and super -lover. he thinks he has found just the right brain to go with a body he 's built but he 's made an error taking the head of a asexual ascetic . meanwhile the baroness has her lusts and she fastens on nicholas a friend of the dead lad . can the baron pull off his grand plan ? he brings the two zombies together to mate . meanwhile nicholas tries to free his dead friend . what about the baron 's children ?
insurance investigator maindrian pace and his team lead double -lives as unstoppable car thieves . when a south american drug lord pays pace to steal cars for him all but one a ford ...
a collection of skits that make fun of television . everything from commercials to the nightly news are spoofed . chevy chase makes a brief (as well as his debut ) appearance .
harry is a retired teacher in his living in the upper west side of new york city where his late wife and he raised his children --where he 's lived all his life . when the building he lives in is torn down to make way for a parking garage harry and his beloved cat tonto begin a journey across the united states visiting his children seeing a world he never seemed to have the time to see before making new friends and saying goodbye to old friends .
this film recounts the history and attitudes of the opposing sides of the vietnam war using archival news footage as well as its own film and interviews . a key theme is how attitudes of american racism and self -righteous militarism helped create and prolong this bloody conflict . the film also endeavors to give voice to the vietnamese people themselves as to how the war has affected them and their reasons why they fight the united states and other western powers while showing the basic humanity of the people that us propaganda tried to dismiss .
wudang mountain home of wudang kung fu and taiji has been a mysterious place inspiring the faithful and inviting the followers of taoism to find shelter and healing in the secluded subtropical mountain sanctuary .
husband and wife ludovic and karine and ludovic 's sixteen year old daughter nelsa lead a relatively carefree life . motorcycle riding ludovic a dance instructor changes jobs every three years to keep himself interested in whatever he 's doing . ludovic recently remarried this time to landscape designer karine a younger beautiful woman who regardless is insecure due to her immaturity . since she doesn 't know how to handle that insecurity ludovic has placed karine in various forms of therapy to help her with her life . nelsa can see the cruelties that life has to offer and although she doesn 't like them tries to embrace them to expose them for what they are . ludovic wants to give everybody in his life including karine and nelsa as much freedom as they need to be happy . husband and wife pascal and marthe and their adolescent son eric lead a typical middle class life . pharmaceutical salesman pascal likes to think of himself as important to bolster his own sense of masculinity which has led to him being a serial philanderer . secretary marthe knows about pascal 's unfaithfulness deep in her heart . the two couples meet when ludovic 's uncle jacques marries marthe 's feisty mother . at the wedding reception pascal and karine head off to have a sexual dalliance . both ludovic and marthe know what pascal and karine did pascal later admitting as much to marthe . although ludovic and marthe 's friendship starts off solely about their respective cheating spouses it becomes something more . after thinking about the situation over time ludovic and marthe decide to take their relationship into the sexual realm . as time goes on ludovic and marthe become more and more open about their affair not only to pascal and karine but to their entire combined extended family . ludovic marthe pascal and karine have to decide what to do about what is happening between ludovic and marthe especially as they are now all family who see each other often at family functions .
in sergei gregoriev a soviet colonel wants to force his nation to reform so he leaks secret information to the west . he picks an unlikely contact a pierre froment french nebbish in the diplomatic corps . gregoriev keeps a lot of balls in the air - a marriage a teen son he 's trying to bond with a mistress who 's a colleague at work ; his tradecraft is equally reckless . meanwhile froment keeps his spy work secret from his german wife and mitterrand uses gregoriev 's information to make france indispensable to reagan and his government . when gregoriev leaks a list of key soviet moles and spies gorbachev is left without secret intelligence . will gregoriev get what he wants ?
adle hugo 's unrequited love for a lieutenant .
josh and dena two young environmental activists are planning a large scale act to force the world to think about what they 're doing to the environment . they pull in harmon a man with a sketchy past to help them pull off their big plan . however unforeseen consequences bring a whole host of guilt paranoia and other problems and their ultimate act will change themselves more than the world around them .
the last film of andrzej munk who died in a crash during the filming . a german woman on a ship coming back to europe notices a face of another woman which brings recollections from the past . she tells her husband that she has been an overseer in auschwitz during the war but she has actually saved a woman 's life . her vision is shown and then the actual events .
a filmed account of a bitterly violent miner strike .
tom logan is a horse thief . rancher david braxton has horses and a daughter worth stealing . but braxton has just hired lee clayton an infamous "regulator" to hunt down the horse thieves ; one at a time .
on a long -distance train trip a man finds romance but also finds himself in danger of being killed or at least pushed off the train .
dr . richard thorndyke arrives as new administrator of the psychoneurotic institute for the very very nervous to discover some suspicious goings -on. when he 's framed for murder dr . thorndyke must confront his own psychiatric condition "high anxiety " in order to clear his name . an homage to the films of alfred hitchcock ; contains many parodies of famous hitchcock scenes from the birds psycho and vertigo .
after being apprehended detained humiliated and denied legal counsel by the federal bureau of investigation omar ehzaz originally from delhi 's lajpatnagar relates to the investigator roshan assigned to his case how he arrived in new york during ; his friendship with samir shaikh and student counselor maya ; the events of september ; the subsequent paranoia fear racial profiling generated and aggravated by the tyrannical right -winged regime of george w . bush and how he came to be in possession of several and plastic explosives that were confiscated from his taxi -cab.
four unfortunate men from different parts of the globe agree to risk their lives transporting gallons of nitroglycerin across dangerous south american jungle .
the prequel to the popular character laughing gor (michael tse ) in the highly rated tvb drama series emergency unit ...
a documentary about a pet cemetery in california and the people who have pets buried there .
bilbo baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost dwarf kingdom of erebor from the fearsome dragon smaug . approached out of the blue by the wizard gandalf the grey bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior thorin oakenshield . their journey will take them into the wild ; through treacherous lands swarming with goblins and orcs deadly wargs and giant spiders shapeshifters and sorcerers . although their goal lies to the east and the wastelands of the lonely mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels where bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... gollum . here alone with gollum on the shores of an underground lake the unassuming bilbo baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him he also gains possession of gollum 's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of all middle -earth in ways bilbo cannot begin to know .
andras varda grows up in a turbulent war -torn hungary where he procures local girls for the occupying g .i.'s during world war ii . disappointed by girls of his age he meets maya a married women in her thirties who tutors him in the lessons of love and romance . maya is only the first of many mature women that andras will meet through his teenage and young adult life .
politicians scheme to clone themselves assuring immortal life .
jackie chan is a boy who is used as a janitor at his kung -fu school . jackie chan can 't fight and is always getting bullied by the teachers and pupils . one day an old man helps jackie train ...
two friends john (played by owen wilson ) and jeremy (vince vaughn ) crash weddings to pick up women . one day they crash the wedding of the daughter of the treasury secretary secretary cleary (christopher walken ). instead of short -term flings they end up being invited to the clearys ' island estate and potentially meet the loves of their lives ...
this movie based on the cult broadway musical of the tells a story about claude a young man from oklahoma who comes to new york city . there he strikes up a friendship with a group of hippies led by berger and falls in love with sheila a girl from a rich family . however their happiness is short because claude must go to the vietnam war .
after penniless cook matt landis marries businessman victor pellet 's spoiled daughter alex they agree to save money for his dream to start his own restaurant by moving in with the pellets . for 'outsider' matt this starts years of aggravation mainly because alex 's dad is domineering and remains overprotective with a strong hold over his daughter . furthermore various habits and attitudes keep clashing .
recently widowed american opera diva caterina takes her teenaged son joe with her on a long singing tour to italy . absorbed in her hectic work in various verdi operas around rome caterina is soon shocked to discover that her troubled and lonely son has become a heroin addict . her desperate attempts to wean the youth off the drug result in an incestuous relationship but also in a possibility to reunite joe --maybe even herself --with his real father whose existence she has kept a secret from him .
a divorced man falls in love but somehow he can 't get over his ex -wife. this affects his love life in comic ways . based on dan wakefield 's novel .
marcus burnett is a hen -pecked family man . mike lowry is a foot -loose and fancy free ladies ' man . both are miami policemen and both have hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station 's nose . to complicate matters in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder they have to pretend to be each other .
blue thunder is a specially modified helicopter . it is for police work but is armed and designed to counter street insurgencies . its makers want to show what it will do but have to train los angeles police pilot frank murphy to fly and use it in order to allow it to operate in the city . murphy and the project pilot have differences going back to vietnam . the conflict between them continues to heat up as murphy begins to suspect that blue thunder is more than has been disclosed .
jack hall paleoclimatologist must make a daring trek across america to reach his son trapped in the cross -hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new ice age .
comedian eddie murphy brings his proudly raunchy comedy act to a sold -out stadium and pontificates in his own vulgarly hilarious fashion on such subjects as sexual orientation puberty dating disciplinarian mothers ice cream trucks and the personality traits of certain singers .
mayan indian peasants tired of being thought of as nothing more than "brazos fuertes " ("strong arms " i .e. manual laborers ) and organizing in an effort to improve their lot in life are discovered by the guatemalan army . after the army destroys their village and family a brother and sister teenagers who just barely escaped the massacre decide they must flee to "el norte " ("the north " i .e. the usa ). after receiving clandestine help from friends and humorous advice from a veteran immigrant on strategies for traveling through mexico they make their way by truck bus and other means to los angeles where they try to make a new life as young and undocumented immigrants .
rusty james an absent -minded street thug struggles to live up to his legendary older brother 's reputation and longs for the days when gang warfare was going on .
paul snider is a narcissistic small time hustler who fancies himself a ladies man . his life changes when he meets dorothy stratten working behind the counter of a dairy queen . dorothy is a pretty but naive high school senior . paul immediately falls for dorothy who sees in paul a wise worldly person unlike herself . paul believes dorothy is playboy material the magazine he sees as only a springboard to bigger and better things . paul 's dream does become a reality : not only does dorothy eventually marry him she becomes the august playboy playmate and ultimately playboy playmate of which does indeed lead to the start of an acting career . as dorothy 's star rises paul 's life is one of a hanger -on as those in dorothy 's new circle including playboy publisher hugh m . hefner and movie director aram nicholas don 't much like paul . paul is unable to eke out a life of his own without using dorothy 's name which she increasingly is reluctant to provide to her husband . those that know the couple know their relationship cannot continue as is and it 's only a matter of how it will change or end is the question .
ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner .
five young losers spend their days and nights wasting their lives away hanging out in parking lots and occasionally mentioning that they might want to make something of themselves ... someday . on this particular night they are visited by an old high school friend who has escaped their suburban town to become a pop star .
several lost -soul night -owls including a nightclub owner a talkback radio relationships counseller and an itinerant stranger have encounters that expose their contradictions and ...
radio host alan bird witnesses how an ice cream van is attacked and destroyed by an angry competitor . this leads him into the struggle between two italian families the bernardis and the rossis over whose ice cream vans can sell where in glasgow .
an artificially intelligent pc and his human owner find themselves in a romantic rivalry over a woman .
in the far future water is the most valuable substance . two space pirates are captured sold to a princess and recruited to help her find her father who disappeared when he found ...
members of the san francisco board of supervisors harvey milk & san francisco mayor 'george moscone (i)' were assassinated by recently resigned supervisor dan white on monday november approximately am to am . milk 's life leading up to his election his successful efforts to politically represent san francisco 's gay community and the city 's reaction to the assassinations are documented with extensive news film and personal recollections .
at the turn of the century on prince edward island matthew cuthbert and his sister marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm . but they get an unexpected jolt when they 're mistakenly sent a girl instead : anne shirley . anne 's a dreamer with an unusual point of view far removed from marilla 's pragmatic ways and it 's only on trial that marilla agrees to keep anne ...if anne can keep out of trouble only anne has a positive genius for it . as anne falls into a series of scrapes (and off a roof ) makes a bosom friend searches (and finds ) several kindred spirits matthew and marilla discover that their lives have become a great deal richer now that anne is at green gables .
a virtuous hong kong police officer must clear his good name when the drug lords he is after frame him for the murder of a dirty cop .
a man wakes up to find himself literally alone in the world and goes about trying to find other survivors as well as to find out what happened . he suspects that a government research project he was involved in had something to do with the disappearance of everyone . eventually he finds several other people and once they begin to trust each other they try to figure out why they were left on earth .
two bumbling government employees think they are u .s. spies only to discover that they are actually decoys for nuclear war .
an expatriate russian dancer is on a plane forced to land on soviet territory . he is taken to an apartment in which a black american who has married a russian woman lives with her . he is to become a dancer for the kirov academy of ballet again but he wishes to escape but can he trust the american ?
in 'round midnight real -life jazz legend dexter gordon brilliantly portrays the fictional tenor sax player dale turner a musician slowly losing the battle with alcoholism estranged from ...
amelia and pippo are reunited after several decades to perform their old music -hall act (imitating fred astaire and ginger rogers ) on a tv variety show . it 's both a touchingly nostalgic ...
ross mcelwee sets out to make a documentary about the lingering effects of general sherman 's march of destruction through the south during the civil war but is continually sidetracked by ...
this story is the tale of two brothers : one a successful counterfeiter and the younger a fledgling graduate of the hk police academy . the plot revolves around the split when the younger brother learns the other is a criminal and the efforts of the criminal brother to reform . along the way are plenty of heists double -crosses and shoot outs .
an unemployed man opens a church to live from the tithes . a teenager sells her body to buy the things her mother cannot buy for her . a young girl sexually abused by her father cannot accept he has moved out . a bitter man finds a purpose for his empty life in his best friend 's wife . an eastern european immigrant pushes his wife to work in a strip club to pay his debts . five interlocked stories offer a provocative vision of the ten commandments and how nowadays many people have to break them in order to survive .
pablo and tina have complicated sexual lives . pablo writes and directs plays and films ; he 's gay and deeply in love with juan a young man who won 't reply to pablo 's affection or letters . pablo 's sibling tina is a transsexual angry at men raising ada and trying to make it as an actress . pablo takes up with antonio a youth who becomes jealous of pablo 's love for juan . antonio seeks out juan and violence leads to pablo 's grief and a temporary loss of memory . when memory returns he learns that antonio has taken up with tina . in horror he hurries to tina 's rescue and must face antonio and his desire .
a sinister secret has been kept in the basement of an abandoned los angeles church for many years . with the death of a priest belonging to a mysterious sect another priest opens the door to the basement and discovers a vat containing a green liquid . the priest contacts a group of physics graduate students to investigate it . unfortunately they discover that the liquid contains the essence of satan himself and they also discover that he will release his father - an all -powerful anti -god! the liquid later comes to life itself turning some of the students into zombies as the devil comes forward to release his father . will these students be able to stop him ?
ning tsai -shen a humble tax collector arrives in a small town to carry out his work . unsurprisingly no -one is willing to give him shelter for the night so he ends up spending the night ...
a man is picked up by a fishing boat bullet -riddled and suffering from amnesia before racing to elude assassins and regain his memory .
dominick and eugene are twins but dominick is a little bit slow due do an accident in his youth . they live together with dominick working as garbage man to put eugene through medical ...
alice tate mother of two with a marriage of years finds herself falling for the handsome sax player joe . stricken with a backache she consults dr . yang an oriental herbalist who realizes that her problems are not related to her back but in her mind and heart . dr . yang 's magical herbs give alice wondrous powers taking her out of well -established rut .
epic story about two former texas rangers who decide to move cattle from the south to montana . augustus mccrae and woodrow call run into many problems on the way and the journey doesn 't end without numerous casualties . hrs approx )
tucson arizona . . the vast untamed desert stretches for miles . cavernous mountains loom on the horizon . when a mysterious child is found wandering a desolate road a reclusive widow reluctantly agrees to take the child into her home unearthing a harrowing truth that will change their lives forever .
this is the story of a young witch named kiki who is now thirteen years old . but she is still a little green and plenty headstrong but also resourceful imaginative and determined . with her trusty wisp of a talking cat named jiji by her side she 's ready to take on the world or at least the quaintly european seaside village she 's chosen as her new home .
a recluse is accused of murdering a young woman simply because his neighbors think he is strange .
in baltimore a bad -boy with a heart of gold wins the love of a good -girl whose boyfriend sets out for revenge .
a medical student sets out to recreate his decapitated fiance by building her a new body made of manhattan street prostitutes .
elliot hopper is a widower with three children he is currently working on a deal . it seems like his wife illness was very costly and this deal could put them out of the red . however he gets into a cab that is driven by a maniac and elliot crashes and the next thing he knows he is floating around and finds himself in the lab of a scientist who studies paranormal . elliot asks the scientist to send him back so that he could finish the deal and make sure that his children are taken care of .
cuba december : the professional gambler jack visits havana to organize a big poker game . on the ship he meets roberta and falls in love with her . shortly after they arrive in cuba ...
a woman married to the brutal and infertile owner of a dye mill in rural china conceives a boy with her husband 's nephew but is forced to raise her son as her husband 's heir without revealing his parentage in this circular tragedy . this tale of romantic and familial love in the face of unbreakable tradition is more universal than its setting .
this fact -based movie follows the life of the twin crime -lords in london 's underworld .
brian and charlie (b & c ) work for a gangster . when the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed after they help rob the local triads of their drug dealing profits . b ...
a mysterious suicide and strange robot malfunctions are clues to a devastating sabotage plot that special vehicle unit must stop .
a young boy tries to cope with rural life circa and his fantasies become a way to interpret events . after his father tells him stories of vampires he becomes convinced that the widow ...
terry noonan returns home to new york 's hells kitchen after a ten year absence . he soon hooks up with childhood pal jackie who is involved in the irish mob run by his brother frankie . terry also rekindles an old flame with jackie 's sister kathleen . soon however terry is torn between his loyalty to his friends and his loyalties to others .
director michael apted revisits the same group of british -born adults after a year wait . the subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last ...
to get to know his girlfriend 's son a working -class good guy volunteers to pick him up from a prep school - only to learn that her son isn 't the nicest kid .
documents the sensational events surrounding the making of 'apocalypse now ' and francis ford coppola 's struggle with nature governments actors and self -doubt. includes footage and sound secretly recorded by elanor coppola wife of francis .
a jewish homicide detective investigates a seemingly minor murder and falls in with a zionist group as a result .
a kindhearted but bumbling idiot who likes to steal bananas is passed off for a snitch hiding from the mob .
the story of a young man with the strength of men who finds himself inside a harsh prison run by an evil assistant warden and the head boss who secretly has the ability to transform ...
a drug dealer with upscale clientele is having moral problems going about his daily deliveries . a reformed addict he has never gotten over the wife that left him and the couple that use him for deliveries worry about his mental well -being and his effectiveness at his job . meanwhile someone is killing women in apparently drug -related incidents .
an exiled magician finds an opportunity for revenge against his enemies muted when his daughter and the son of his chief enemy fall in love in this uniquely structured retelling of the 'the tempest '.
sharpshooter matt quigley is hired from america by an australian rancher so he can shoot aborigines at a distance . quigley takes exception to this and leaves . the rancher tries to kill him for refusing and quigley escapes into the brush with a woman he rescued from some of the rancher 's men and are helped by aborigines . quigley returns the help before going on to destroy all his enemies .
a struggling young musician and devoted fan of ricky nelson wants to be just like his idol and become a rock star .
in early 's era italy air pirates bounty hunters and high fliers of all sorts rule the skies . the most cunning and skilled of these pilots is porco rosso . a former ace he now makes a living flying contract jobs such as rescuing those kidnapped by air pirates . donald curtis porco 's rival in the air and in catching the affections of women provides a constant challenge to the hero culminating in a hilarious action packed finale .
musician brothers cesar and nestor leave cuba for america in the hoping to hit the top of the latin music scene . cesar is the older brother the business manager and the ladies ' man ...
a small -time grifter and nightclub tout takes advantage of some fortuitous circumstances and tries to become a big -time player as a wrestling promoter .
a pregnant peasant woman seeks redress from the chinese bureaucracy after the village chief kicks her husband in the groin in this comedy of justice . as she is frustrated by each level of the hierarchy and travels farther and farther away from the countryside the viewer is also provided with a look at the changing chinese society through the verite camera used in most scenes .
linda voss is a woman of irish jewish -german parentage who loves the movies especially films about war and spies . she gets a job at a new york law firm after it 's revealed she can speak german fluently . as secretary and translator to ed leland she begins to suspect that her boss is involved in espionage work . the two become lovers and when america officially joins the allies in fighting hitler linda volunteers to go undercover behind enemy lines .
cameramen and women discuss the craft and art of cinematography and of the "dp" (the director of photography ) illustrating their points with clips from films from birth of a nation to do the right thing . themes : the dp tells people where to look ; changes in movies (the arrival of sound color and wide screens ) required creative responses from dps ; and these artisans constantly invent new equipment and try new things with wonderful results . the narration takes us through the identifiable studio styles of the the emergence of noir the new york look and the impact of europeans . citizen kane the conformist and gordon willis get special attention .
a movie about the corruption in all levels of society . a baby is born from a supposed -to-be virgin woman so a chain of hysteria about divine intervention in the birth takes place .
bad boy bubby is just that : a bad boy . so bad in fact that his mother has kept him locked in their house for his entire thirty years convincing him that the air outside is poisonous . after a visit from his estranged father circumstances force bubby into the waiting world a place which is just as unusual to him as he is to the world .
the president of a major tobacco company decides to buy the company himself but a bidding war ensues as other companies make their own offers .
a futuristic prison movie . protagonist and wife are nabbed at a future us emigration point with an illegal baby during population control . the resulting prison experience is the subject of the movie . the prison is a futuristic one run by a private corporation bent on mind control in various ways .
err the title is almost a summary itself . based on the true story of a texas mom who tries to hire a hitman (through her ex 's brother ) to kill either or both a cheerleader and her mother . with the intended victims out of the way wanda 's daughter gets the chance to become a cheerleader . when the media get hold of the story wanda 's trial turns into a media circus .
a world -weary yakuza in tokyo is assigned to take his clan to okinawa to help settle a dispute between two factions . he 's suspicious of the assignment but he goes and within a couple days his role remains unclear and several of men are dead . he retreats to a house on a remote beach to wait . the first night there he rescues a young woman from an assault and they develop a playful relationship . over time it becomes clear he 's been set up sent to okinawa so that others can take over his lucrative territory . as his clan dwindles he plans a revenge . but what if he 's successful ? what is there to life anyway ?
junbao (jet li ) is a monk who grows up in a shaolin temple with his friend tienbao . their friendly competitions to see who is stronger frequently gets them into trouble . at a competition for promotion to a higher place in shaolin tienbao almost kills another student for cheating and using a concealed weapon . after a disagreement with a master who refuses to believe tienbao a fight erupts which results in junbao and tienbao being expelled from the temple . having lived in a temple their entire lives they have trouble adapting to the outside world and eventually gets mixed up with local rebels who frequently steal from a corrupt governor and give the proceeds back to the poor . tienbao who was always very ambitious and competitive gets tired and disillusioned by their new lifestyle accepts an offer by the governor to join his army . the two childhood friends reluctantly decide to go their separate ways . seeing an opportunity to secure a promotion in the army tienbao sets a trap for junbao and the rebels by giving them false information . many rebels are killed in the ensuing battle and junbao in disbelief that his friend would betray him temporarily loses his mind . he only recovers by discovering the art of tai chi with the help of his friends and a book that his former master had given him prior to leaving shaolin . in a final showdown junbao kills tienbao after realizing his boyhood friend is beyond salvation . *i figure i 'd write a summary that isn 't written in broken english .*
after her female lover leaves her a nurse hires a male escort to seduce the lover and then break her heart so she will return . as the escort begins to win her over however he begins to ...
scenes revolving around a recent immigrant a couple that has just adopted a daughter a college student and a lonely old man .
darkman who has since the first film devoted his life to perfecting his synthetic skin and fighting crime is horrified to learn that his old foe robert g . durant is alive . durant wastes no time taking control of his old business . he releases an insane weapons developer from a mental institution and uses him to create a deadly laser weapon . now with the help of his disguises and inhuman strength darkman must forever rid the world of durant .
chen zhen a chinese engineering student in kyoto who braves the insults and abuse of his japanse fellow students for his local love mitsuko yamada daughter of the director returns in to his native shangai under japanse protectorate -in fact military occupation - after reading about the death of his kung -fu master huo yuan jia in a fight against the japanese champion ryuichi akutagawa . while overcoming suspicion and ambition within the kungfu school chen exhumes his master to prove hou 's defeat was the result of poisoning . both nationalities make the case a test of honor so chinese and japanese pride are at stake when it culminates in chen 's final epic duel against the ruthless undefeated japanese general fujita .
the indians are now a world series contender . but last year 's hunger is now replaced with complacency and bad decisions by the new owner threaten to tear the team apart .
defend the human population from swarms of attacking aliens .
a young girl finds that all the books she chooses in the library have been previously checked out by the same boy . later she meets a very infuriating fellow ... could it be her "friend" from the library ? the boy 's grandfather has a violin sales and service shop . the boy wants to be a violin maker like his grandfather .
a modern punk adaptation of shakespeare 's classic . told irreverently this film attempts to impact the viewer in the same way theatre -goers were affected in shakespeare 's time . bawdy violent humorous and romantic .
frank is a drug pusher on the roll until he makes a huge deal with dope that he hasn 't paid for and he gets busted by the police . he manages to dump the dope in a nearby lake but he owes his supplier a lot of money (not a nice guy to owe money to ). now we follow frank in his quest to raise money in the underworld of copenhagen .
constructing this film through random scenes director harmony korine abruptly jettisoned any sort of narrative plot so here we go : solomon and tummler are two bored teenage boys who live in xenia ohio . a few years ago a tornado swept through it destroying more than half the town and killing the same amount including solomon 's father . the film from there chronicles the anti -social adventures these two boys have . these include sniffing glue killing cats having sex riding dirtbikes listening to black metal and meeting a cavalcade of quirky bizarre and scary people . these include a man who pimps his mentally ill wife to our anti -heroes three sisters who play with their cat and practice becoming strippers a black midget fending off the sexual advances of a troubled man (played by the director harmony korine ) a -year-old gay transvestite who is also a cat killer solomon 's mother who seems to be the only glimpse of sanity two foul -mouthed six -year olds and most importantly a nymphlike skateboarder who walks around town wearing pink rabbit ears .
dramatized portrayal of the apollo manned space program .
after falling out with his editor a fading political journalist is forced to interview america 's most popular soap actress .
when gia carangi first arrives in new york city she 's a beautiful drop -out from philadelphia brashly bursting through the closed doors of top modeling agent wilhelmina cooper . gia 's electrifying personality and potent sexuality soon find their way onto the covers of america 's top -selling magazines . but being loved by the world isn 't the same as being love by one - an unfulfilled desire that can take gia dangerous places . and for a beautiful woman one slip could lead to an untimely and terrifying downfall .
the movie opens in a los angeles convenience store one late monday night where a smalltime drug dealer named nick (aaron eckhart ) is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy . his ex -lover...
jackie chan a top secret militant soldier crashes into the south african jungle after his mission of kidnapping three scientists (who were experimenting with a powerful mineral ) has gone awry . waking up in a village of local natives chan has no memory of who he is thus being addressed as "who am i ". his journey with aid from two female sidekicks to find out his identity leads him all the way to rotterdam where he coincidentally discovers the location of the organization that kidnapped the three scientists . with no memory chan is thirsty for answers by any means necessary .
the addams family goes on a search for their relatives .
yuki 's family is nearly wiped out before she is born due to the machinations of a band of criminals . these criminals kidnap and brutalize her mother but leave her alive . later her mother ends up in prison with only revenge to keep her alive . she creates an instrument for this revenge by purposefully getting pregnant . though she dies in childbirth she makes sure that the child will be raised as an assassin to kill the criminals who destroyed her family . young yuki never knows the love of a family but only killing and revenge .
when the angels start attacking the planet earth in the year only a handful of -year-old eva pilots are able to stop them . young shinji ikari suddenly finds himself forced to pilot eva a giant organic mecha designed and constructed by nerv that is the only thing that can stop the angels .
daniel is a young teacher in -spe who in contrast to everyone else plans to stay in hamburg for the summer . juli a girl at the flea -market wants to get known to daniel and manages to sell him a mayan ring with a sun on it foretelling him that he will meet a girl with a sun . one day later daniel is already on his way across europe . it seems the prophecy came true somehow .
in a troubled african village an unusual baby is born .
the japanese ambassaor is visiting marseilles to view the city police 's anti -gang tactics . during the visit however he is kidnapped by a group working for the japanese yakuza . young officer emilien is determined to rescue the ambassador and officer petra (his girlfriend ) who was also kidnapped and restore the honor of his department . once again speed demon taxi -driver daniel (from the first taxi movie ) is called upon to save the day with his high -speed driving skills .
two centuries after snow white and cinderella had their adventures the nine kingdoms ready themselves for the coronation of prince wendel snow white 's grandson to the throne of the fourth kingdom . but an evil once -queen has freed herself from prison and turns the prince into a golden retriever . wendel by means of a magic mirror escapes into a hitherto -unknown tenth kingdom (modern day new york city ) and meets virginia and her father tony . pursued by trolls cops and a wolf in man 's form the three blunder back into the nine kingdoms and begin their adventures to restore wendel to his human form and throne and find the magic mirror that will take tony and virginia back home all the while unknowing that virginia already has a connection to the nine kingdoms that may prove deadly before we reach happily ever after .
it 's a big time in max 's life . he 's college bound with his friends and finally free of his embarrassing father as he strives to be a top contender for the x -games. unfortunately goofy loses his job and learns that he cannot get another job without a college degree . to his son 's mortification goofy decides to join him in his campus to get that degree . desperate to distract his father max talks him into joining the competing gamma fraternity team and introduces him to a wonderful librarian who shares his nostalgic love for 's pastimes . unfortunately things do not go according to plan as events put this father -son relationship to the test .
irreverent city engineer behzad comes to a rural village in iran to keep vigil for a dying relative . in the meanwhile the film follows his efforts to fit in with the local community and how he changes his own attitudes as a result .
the women who enter a science fiction author 's life over the course of a few years after the author loses the woman he considers his one true love .
in tokyo shigeharu aoyama is a widower that grieves the loss of his wife and raises his son shigehiko aoyama alone . seven years later the teenage shigehiko asks why his middle -aged father does not remarry and shigeharu meets his friend yasuhisa yoshikawa who is a film producer and tells his intention . however shigeharu has difficulties to approach to available women to date and yasuhisa decide to organize a sham audition for casting the lead actress for the fake movie . they receive several portfolios of candidates and shigeharu becomes obsessed by the gorgeous asami yamazaki . despite the advice of the experienced yasuhisa shigeharu calls asami to date and he falls for her . but who is the mysterious asami ?
by the 's berlin had become known as a homosexual eden where gay men and lesbians lived relatively open lives amidst an exciting subculture of artists and intellectuals . with the coming to power of the nazis all this changed . between and men were arrested for homosexuality under paragraph the sodomy provision of the german penal code dating back to . some were imprisoned others were sent to concentration camps . of the latter only about survived . today fewer than ten of these men are known to be living . five of them have now come forward to tell their stories for the first time in this powerful new film . the nazi persecution of homosexuals may be the last untold story of the third reich . paragraph fills a crucial gap in the historical record and reveals the lasting consequences of this hidden chapter of century history as told through personal stories of men and women who lived through it : the half jewish gay resistance fighter who spent the war helping refugees in berlin ; the jewish lesbian who escaped to england with the help of a woman she had a crush on ; the german christian photographer who was arrested and imprisoned for homosexuality then joined the army on his release because he "wanted to be with men "; the french alsatian teenager who watched as his lover was tortured and murdered in the camps . these are stories of survivors -- sometimes bitter but just as often filled with irony and humor ; tortured by their memories yet infused with a powerful will to endure . their moving testimonies rendered with evocative images of their lives and times tell a haunting compelling story of human resilience in the face of unspeakable cruelty . intimate in its portrayals sweeping in its implications paragraph raises provocative questions about memory history and identity .
in three nonconformist boys in west memphis arkansas were convicted for a horrific triple child murder . however the original film shows how questionable evidence and a prejudiced community instead led to an apparent miscarriage of justice . the producers return to west memphis to meet the three again and the grassroots movement that has arisen to exonerate the three . however the father of one of the victims john mark byers is profiled as well as he belligerently asserts the three 's guilt even as new evidence and his own criminal record draws suspicion on himself .
if you could make your deaf child hear would you ? academy award -nominated sound and fury follows the intimate heart -rending tale of the artinians an extended family with deaf and hearing ...
one misty morning liz dunn stumbles down the road to her school and screams for help . a police psychologist gets her to reveal her story : a month earlier : three rebellious teenagers - mike frankie and geoff are trying to ditch the school field trip to wales . the school nerd martin helps them out by allowing them to stay in an old war bunker for the three days on the condition that his friend liz joins them . the teens go down party and have great fun but martin doesn 't return to let them out and they hope and pray that someone will find them ...
in a small town in japan kirie comes upon her boyfriend 's father silently videotaping a snail . he seems unaware of her presence and she thinks no more of it . later the mans obsession with spirals becomes more and more bizarre ending in his suicide in a washing machine which turn his body into a spiral . soon other inhabitants become possesed with different forms of spirals one student seems to be mutating into a snail another 's hair becomes strangely medusa -like. the entire town becomes possesed .
a smart and cynical girl goes through teenage life as a proud outsider in a world of mainly idiotic adolescents and condescending adults .
aiming for one of the most famed records in sports history a pair of very different baseball players hit home runs at an impressive rate . roger maris a reserved sort is much less popular than his hard -partying new york yankee teammate mickey mantle the player who many observers think will be the one to challenge babe ruth 's record of home runs in one season . but in the summer of maris surges ahead of mantle making a run at ruth 's mark .
days a man 's desperate struggle to survive jung -su an ordinary car dealer is his way home with a birthday cake for his daughter . as he drives into a tunnel an unbelievable thing happens ; the tunnel collapses on him . minutes later he realizes that he is completely caught in between the debris . outside this breaking news creates media frenzy and a thoughtless reporter even airs a live phone interview with jung -su using up his mobile phone batteries . an emergency response team is immediately organized to rescue him and tries to keep the media under control . as it becomes a national concern the government promises full support for the rescue . while jung -su struggles to survive a series of ridiculous blunders delays the rescue operation and threatens his chances to make it out alive . soon he runs out of food water and phone batteries making him totally incommunicado . days pass without any success and people start to lose hope or interest in rescuing him . having already passed the longest survival record for a disaster hard decisions are forced on his family while no one knows whether jung -su is dead or alive .
in the dmz separating north and south korea two north korean soldiers have been killed supposedly by one south korean soldier . but the bullets found in the bodies together with the remaining bullets in the assassin 's magazine clip amount to bullets for a gun that should normally hold bullets . the investigating swiss /swedish team from the neutral countries overseeing the dmz suspects that another unknown party was involved - all of which points to some sort of cover up . the truth is much simpler and much more tragic .
a dramatic recreation of the wannsee conference where the nazi final solution phase of the holocaust was devised .
roro a foreign worker in swedish parks loves his girlfriend but is about to marry another girl to prevent her from being sent back to lebanon . roros best friend mns has his own ...
a story following archer a man tortured by his roots . with a strong survival instinct he has made himself a key player in the business of conflict diamonds . political unrest is rampant in sierra leone as people fight tooth for tooth . upon meeting solomon and the beautiful maddy archer 's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with the war around him .
ali g unwittingly becomes a pawn in the evil chancellor 's plot to overthrow the prime minister of great britain . however instead of bringing the prime minister down ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever .
based on a series of true stories posted by ho -sik kim on the internet describing his relationship with his girlfriend . these were later transformed into a best -selling book and the movie follows the book closely . it describes the meeting of kyun -woo (cha) and an unnamed girl . kyun -woo is shamed into assisting the girl because the other passengers mistakenly think she is his girlfriend . once he helps her kyun -woo develops a deep sense of responsibility for her which enables him to tolerate (somehow) the girl 's abuses .
in a japanese high school a class of adolescent geeks joins the new synchronized swimming teacher and takes up the challenge to take part in the competition in spite of the mockeries of the "real sportsmen ".
terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown -up together : shotgunning their first beers forming their first garage band and growing the great canadian mullet known as "hockey hair ". now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship the fragility of life growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man .
in seoul ryu a deaf worker has a sister who needs a kidney transplant . he tries to donate his own kidney to his sister but his blood type is not compatible with hers . when ryu is fired from ilshin electronics he meets illegal dealers of organs and the criminals propose that he give them his kidney plus ten millions won to obtain a kidney suitable for his sister . ryu accepts the trade but he does not have money to pay for the surgery . his anarchist revolutionary girlfriend cha young -mi convinces him to kidnap yossun the daughter of his former employer park who owns ilshin electronics . however a tragedy happens generating revenge and a series of acts of violence .
high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . does the new all -girl group desert have anything to do with it ? detective kuroda tries to find the answer which isn 't as simple as one could hope .
the second war against the cylons is over and the twelve colonies have been destroyed . now commander adama of the battlestar galatica and president laura roslin lead a ragtag fleet of refugees in a supposed search for the fabled lost thirteenth colony earth . however the dangers they face are many which compound an already difficult situation . in addition to the cylons hunting and attacking the fleet in space and their infiltrator units carrying out sabotage -even as their former unwitting pawn gaius baltar helps in the hunt for them while hiding both his own guilt and the strange presence that haunts his every thought the fleet also faces internal political conflict in which the rabble -rousing figure tom zarek is merely the loudest dissenting voice not to mention recurring shortages of food water and even oxygen . in the midst of these trials however clues begin to appear to suggest that adama 's bluff about finding earth might hold more truthful than anyone could have guessed .
the true story of the price a young soldier paid for falling in love with a transsexual night -club performer .
a fool and his money . in the adam fenwick -symes is part of the english idle class wanting to marry the flighty nina blount . he 's a novelist with a hundred -pound advance for a manuscript confiscated by english customs . he spends the next several years trying to get money and to set a wedding date : he trades in gossip wins money on wagers then gives it to a drunken major who 's suggested he bet on a horse in an upcoming race . adam tries to get the money back but can 't find the major . meanwhile nina needs security friends drink too much and general unhappiness spoils the party . then war breaks out . is adam 's bright youth dimming with the fall of an empire ?
the animatrix is a collection of several animated short films detailing the backstory of the "matrix" universe and the original war between man and machines which led to the creation of the matrix .
professional motorcycle racer bud clay heads from new hampshire to california to race again . along the way he meets various needy women who provide him with the cure to his own loneliness but only a certain woman from his past will truly satisfy him .
michael moore 's view on what happened to the united states after september ; and how the bush administration allegedly used the tragic event to push forward its agenda for unjust wars in afghanistan and iraq .
college newcomer whittier tries out for and joins her new college cheerleading squad to relive her high school days as head cheerleader . but when she and her best friend monica are unable to stand being around the tyrannical and snobbish squad captain tina whittier and monica quit and vow to form their own cheerleading squad made up of college campus misfits and social outcasts for a competition to see which squad will represent the college for the national cheerleader championship .
pierre niemans faces the threat of the apocalypse while investigating a series of ritual murders .
erik is expelled from school for fighting . he ends up at a private boarding school where the senior students control the young ones . erik finds a friend in pierre his room mate . the story revolves around erik who just wishes to be left alone and graduate . he doesn 't listen to what the seniors have to say and they don 't like it .
the poet charles bukowski is filmed going to san francisco to give a poetry reading .
tells the story of a young woman 's relentless search for her fianc who has disappeared from the trenches of the somme during world war one .
a suicidal obsessively compulsive japanese librarian is forced to lie low in thailand with a pot -smoking woman coping with the recent loss of her sister .
the story of a protective brother and his five sisters .
in 'gegen die wand ' cahit a -something male from mersin in turkey has removed everything turkish from his life . he has become an alcoholic drug addict and at the start of the movie wants ...
in the year bat a cyborg detective for the anti -terrorist unit public security section investigates the case of a female robot --one created solely for sexual pleasure --who slaughtered her owner .
after helping a cat a young girl finds herself involuntarily engaged to a cat prince in a magical world where her only hope of freedom lies with a dapper cat statuette come to life .
a -century samurai tries to protect a battered wife .
the successful writer benjamin "ben" mears returns to his hometown salem 's lot maine expecting to write a new novel about the marsten house . ben believes that the manor is an evil house that attracts evil men since the place has many tragic stories and ben saw a ghostly creature inside the house when he was ten . ben finds that the marsten house has just been rented to the antique dealers richard k . straker and his partner kurt barlow that is permanently traveling . ben meets the divorced teacher susan norton that is living with her parents and they have a love affair . ben also gets close to her father dr . bill norton and his former school teacher jason burke . when people start to die anemic ben believes that straker 's partner is a vampire . but how to convince his friends that he is not crazy and that is the truth ?
a frenchwoman tells her marital troubles to a man she mistakes for a psychiatrist and soon they form an unusual relationship .
a mysterious and vengeful spirit marks and pursues anybody who dares enter the house in which it resides .
set in century canada brigette and her sister ginger take refuge in a traders ' fort which later becomes under siege by some savage werewolves . and an enigmatic indian hunter decides to help the girls but one of the girls has been bitten by a werewolf . brigitte and ginger may have no one to turn to but themselves .
in buenos aires the twenty and something year old jewish -argentinean ariel makaroff has left the university of architecture and spends his time wandering through the downtown gallery where ...
several people start receiving voice -mails from their future selves - messages which include the date time and some of the details of their deaths .
an artist with a idea for a comic series based on his own life becomes involved with more real life situations than he was repaired to handle .
the uk is about to switch its currency from pounds to euros giving a gang a chance to rob the poorly -secured train loaded with money on its way to incineration . but during the robbery one of the big bags falls literally from the sky on damian 's playhouse a -year old given to talking to saints . the boy then starts seeing what the world and the people around him are made of . ethics being human and the soul all come to the forefront in this film .
it 's the winter of in winnipeg . in honor of winnipeg being named the sorrow capital of the world for the depression era for the fourth year running by the london times lady helen port -huntley the legless owner of winnipeg 's port -huntley beer is hosting and judging a contest to see which nation has the saddest music in the world the winner to take home a prize . seeing as to the current prohibition in the united states lady port -huntley has ulterior motives for the contest . father and son streetcar conductor fyodor kent and new york based musical producer chester kent who both have a past connection to lady port -huntley (fyodor a wwi veteran and former doctor has fashioned for her an unusual pair of artificial legs apropos to her business ) want to represent canada and the united states respectively in the contest . despite lady port -huntley's hatred for the kent 's she does allow them to do so if only to advance her own priorities . as the contest takes place the kents who also include fyodor 's other son /chester's brother roderick kent (who wants to represent serbia in the contest as his missing wife is serbian ) deal with their collective sorrow and family dysfunction the latter issue which involves chester 's current girlfriend an amnesiac named narcissa .
we are sent back to the battlefield as the federation 's best mobile infantry unit are slowly being overpowered by the killer bugs . they are light years from the nearest reinforcements and are trapped on a remote outpost . they set up protection around the post keeping all the bugs waiting for them to leave . but now the enemy is in the outpost in a way which they would have never thought of .
a mysterious and vengeful spirit marks and pursues anybody who dares enter the house in which it resides .
a continuation of the story told in the daft punk music videos "one more time " "aerodynamic" "digital love " and "harder better faster stronger ."
booting lives in a small and peaceful village . one day a sacred buddha statuette called ong bak is stolen from the village by an immoral businessman . it soon becomes the task of a voluntary young man boonting (phanom yeeram ) to track down the thief in bangkok and reclaim the religious treasure . along the way boonting uses his astonishing athleticism and traditional muay thai skills to combat his adversaries .
in the prequel of infernal affairs . chan wing yan has been expelled from police academy in cause of his relatives to the triad . now sp wong give him a chance to undercover the triad family controlled by his half brother hau . besides of ming . he has been ordered to killed hau father and infiltrated the police department . the story get complicated when wong 's related to hau father 's dead . the avenge is begin when mary . sam 's wife is the hit order . now everything is complicated and related
life story of spaniard ramn sampedro who fought a -year campaign to win the right to end his life with dignity . film explores ramn 's relationships with two women : julia a lawyer who supports his cause and rosa a local woman who wants to convince him that life is worth living . through the gift of his love these two women are inspired to accomplish things they never previously thought possible . despite his wish to die ramn taught everyone he encountered the meaning value and preciousness of life . though he could not move himself he had an uncanny ability to move others .
john clasky is a devoted dad whose skills as a chef have offered his family a very upscale life including a summer home in malibu and a breathtaking new mexican housekeeper named flor . she and her daughter cristina have recently emigrated to l .a. from mexico and are trying to find a better life . when they move in with the claskys for the summer flor has to fight for her daughter 's soul as she discovers that life in a new country is perilous !
the filmed account of a large canadian rock festival train tour .
a separate couple meet again after ten years when we found the body of their missing son . during their forced reunion they both handle the death of their child in their own way . amid the guilt of losing a loved one they haltingly move toward affirmation of life acceptance of death and even the possibility of reconciliation . chorus is a love story that emerges from mourning and leads to two survivors clinging to each other as if to heal the deepest cut of all .
after surviving a massacre in malmedy a location behind the german army in europe four american soldiers with only one weapon rescue the british pilot oberon winley (kirby heyborn ) in a tree and they move together trying to reach the allied forces and save a great number of allied soldiers from a german attack with the information got by winley in his flight . while marching each soldier discloses inner secrets to the rest of the group .
political intrigue and deception unfold inside the united nations where a u .s. secret service agent is assigned to investigate an interpreter who overhears an assassination plot .
a couple on a holiday in the caribbean decide to spend the day on a scuba diving trip . but was it the wrong decision ? when a mis -count happens on the boat susan and daniel are left behind in the middle of the ocean the boat long gone . with all their hopes set on the boat coming back to rescue them they try to keep themselves safe especially when sharks start to appear .
a gay canadian living in london has his perfectly crafted life upset when his devoutly muslim mother comes to visit .
a successful cocaine dealer gets two tough assignments from his boss on the eve of his planned early retirement .
the final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of middle -earth. hobbits frodo and sam reach mordor in their quest to destroy the "one ring " while aragorn leads the forces of good against sauron 's evil army at the stone city of minas tirith .
a group of air crash survivors are stranded in the mongolian desert with no chance of rescue . facing a brutal environment dwindling resources and an attack by desert smugglers they realize their only hope is doing the impossible ... building a new plane from the wreckage of the old one .
when sam merrick is beaten up by local bully george tooney sam 's older brother rocky and his friends clyde and marty plan to pretend it 's sam 's birthday to "invite" george on a boat trip in which they would dare him to strip naked jump in the lake and run home naked . but when sam his girlfriend millie rocky and clyde see george as not much of a bad guy they want to call off the plan but marty refuses . will the plan go ahead as planned ?
six months after the incidents involving the lethal videotape new clues prove that there is a new evil lurking in the darkness .
a comedic documentary which follows the yes men a small group of prankster activists as they gain world -wide notoriety for impersonating the world trade organization on television and at business conferences around the world . the film begins when two members of the yes men andy and mike set up a website that mimics the world trade organization 's--and it 's mistaken for the real thing . they play along with the ruse and soon find themselves invited to important functions as wto representatives . delighted to represent the organization they politically oppose andy and mike don thrift -store suits and set out to shock unwitting audiences with darkly comic satire that highlights the worst aspects of global free trade .
in glasgow scotland the pakistani parents of casim khan have decided that he is going to marry his cousin jasmine . unfortunately casim has just fallen in love with his younger sister 's music teacher roisin . not only is she 'goree' a white woman she is also irish and catholic things that may not go down well with casim 's parents . they start a relationship but casim is torn between following his heart and being a good son .
a successful international conductor suddenly interrupts his career and returns alone to his childhood village in norrland in the far north of sweden . it doesn 't take long before he is asked to come and listen to the fragment of a church choir which practises every thursday in the parish hall . just come along and give a little bit of good advice . he can 't say no and from that moment nothing in the village is the same again . the choir develops and grows . he makes both friends and enemies . and he finds love .
the football factory is more than just a study of the english obsession with football violence ; it 's about men looking for armies to join wars to fight and places to belong . a forgotten culture of anglo -saxon males fed up with being told they 're not good enough and using their fists as a drug they describe as being more potent than sex and drugs put together . shot in documentery style with the energy and vibrancy of handheld the football factory is frighteningly real yet full of painful humour as the four characters ' extreme thoughts and actions unfold before us .
in in south korea shoe -shiner jin -tae lee and his -year-old old student brother jin -seok lee form a poor but happy family with their mother jin -tae's fianc young -shin kim and her young sisters . jin -tae and his mother are tough workers who sacrifice themselves to send jin -seok to the university . when north korea invades the south the family escapes to a relative 's house in the country but along their journey jin -seok is forced to join the army to fight in the front and jin -tae enlists too to protect his young brother . the commander promises jin -tae that if he gets a medal he would release his brother and jin -tae becomes the braver soldier in the company . along the bloody war between brothers the relationship of jin -seok with his older brother deteriorates leading to a dramatic and tragic end .
alfred blalock a cardiologist (therefore self -confident to the point of arrogance ) leaves vanderbilt for johns hopkins taking with him his lab technician vivien thomas thomas an african -american without a college degree is a gifted mechanic and tool -maker with hands splendidly adept at surgery . in blalock and thomas take on the challenge of blue babies and invent bypass surgery . after trials on dogs their first patient is baby eileen sure to die without the surgery . in defiance of custom and jim crow blalock brings thomas into the surgery to advise him but when life magazine and kudos come thomas is excluded . will he receive his due ?
homeless and on the run from a military court martial a damaged ex -special forces soldier navigating london 's criminal underworld seizes an opportunity to assume another man 's identity -- transforming into an avenging angel in the process .
schultze is a retired lignite miner living in an east german village and a passionate polka musician on his accordion . one night he listens to a zydeco tune in the radio which changes his taste of music radically . notwithstanding his complete ignorance of the english language he starts a trip into the heart of the zydeco ; to louisana .
two documentary filmmakers chronicle their time in sonagchi calcutta and the relationships they developed with children of prostitutes who work the city 's notorious red light district .
a documentary on the once -promising american rock bands the brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols and the friendship /rivalry between their respective founders anton newcombe and courtney taylor .
documentary detailing the origins and history of surf culture .
in a totalitarian society in a near future the undercover detective bob archor is working with a small time group of drug users trying to reach the big distributors of a brain -damaging drug called substance d . his assignment is promoted by the recovery center new path corporation and when bob begins to lose his own identity and have schizophrenic behavior he is submitted to tests to check his mental conditions .
live from new york city jerry seinfeld aided and abetted by a host of friends and fellow comedians performs his emmy -nominated performance on broadway .
wanting to learn from the best aspiring boxer maggie fitzgerald wants frankie dunn to train her . at the outset he flatly refuses saying he has no interest in training a girl . frankie leads a lonely existence alienated from his only daughter and having few friends . maggie 's rough around the edges but shows a lot of grit in the ring and he eventually relents . maggie not only proves to be the boxer he always dreamed of having under his wing but a friend who fills the great void he 's had in his life . maggie 's career skyrockets but an accident in the ring leads her to ask frankie for one last favor .
a los angeles deputy district attorney is sent to protect a woman who accidentally witnessed a mafia murder .
the familiar tragic story of vincent van gogh is broadened by focusing as well on his brother theodore who helped support vincent . the movie also provides a nice view of the locations which vincent painted .
minami a member of the azamawari crew highly respects his aniki (brother) ozaki who has saved his life in the past . however lately ozaki 's eccentricities (like claiming that a chihuahua hs sees is a 'yakuza attack dog ') have been making everyone wonder about his sanity . chairman azamawari is unsympathetic to ozaki 's little outbursts and secretly orders minami to take ozaki to a disposal facility in the city of nagoya . there the fate of these two follows a twisted path filled with violence mother 's milk strange locals and ultimately the disappearance of ozaki 's corpse which minami now desperately tries to recover .
during the some of the worst atrocities in the history of mankind took place in the country of rwanda --and in an era of high -speed communication and round the clock news the events went almost unnoticed by the rest of the world . in only three months one million people were brutally murdered . in the face of these unspeakable actions inspired by his love for his family an ordinary man summons extraordinary courage to save the lives of over a thousand helpless refugees by granting them shelter in the hotel he manages .
a shadowy killer in black brutally murders fashion models .
when willy wonka decides to let five children into his chocolate factory he decides to release five golden tickets in five separate chocolate bars causing complete mayhem . the tickets start to be found with the fifth going to a very special boy called charlie bucket . with his grandpa charlie joins the rest of the children to experience the most amazing factory ever . but not everything goes to plan within the factory .
the lonely and silent rider tae -suk breaks in empty houses and lives a normal life while the owners are traveling . he does not steal anything and moves from house to house without any loss other than food and he cleans the houses provides small repairs or washes some clothes to pay for the hospitality . when he enters in the house of sun -hwa he does not see the woman that is wounded in her room after being beaten up on by her abusive husband min -gyu lee . tae -suk helps the hurt woman and when min -gyu returns he hits the husband with golf balls and sun -hwa leaves her husband with tae -suk on his motorcycle . when they break in the house of an old man they find that the man is dead and tae -suk provides funeral service for him . however his son returns and tae -suk and sun -hwa are arrested by two abusive police detectives . he is sent to prison and sun -hwa is forced to return home . but she never forgets him .
when his partner is killed by the mysterious and possibly nonexistent jaguar shark steve zissou and his team zissou crew set off for an expedition to hunt down the creature . along with his estranged wife a beautiful journalist and a co -pilot who could possibly be zissou 's son the crew set off for one wild expedition .
biopic of billionaire howard hughes starting with his early filmmaking years as owner of rko studios but mostly focusing on his role in designing and promoting new aircraft . hughes was a risk -taker spending several fortunes on designing experimental aircraft and eventually founding twa as a rival to pan am airlines owned by his great rival juan trippe . when trippe 's politico senator ralph owen brewster accuses hughes of being a war profiteer it 's hughes who gains the upper hand . hughes also had many women in his life including a long relationship with actress katharine hepburn . from an early age however hughes was also germophobic and would have severe bouts of mental illness .
a disfigured violinist haunts the paris opera house .
consummate entertainer bobby darin is making a movie about his life . he 's volatile driven by the love of performing ambition perfectionism and belief that he 's living on borrowed time . he begins in the bronx : a fatherless lad learning music and dance from his mom . his career starts slowly then "splish splash " puts him at the top of the charts and on "bandstand." he wants to be an entertainer not a pop star so he aims for the copacabana ; then it 's on to the movies where he meets and marries sandra dee . after it 's balancing career health marriage and family life balances he doesn 't always keep . throughout conversations with his boyhood self give him perspective .
a child molester returns to his hometown after years in prison and attempts to start a new life .
a middle -aged ad exec is faced with a new boss who 's nearly half his age ... and who also happens to be sleeping with his daughter .
all hell breaks loose when the byrnes family meets the focker family for the first time .
fact -based story about a disturbed office furniture salesman who in concocted a plot to kill then -president nixon by hi -jacking a plane to fly over the white house to drop a gas bomb . at the start of the movie the man is separated from his wife and stressed in his job where he is made the butt of jokes and is an under -performer. attempts to get his brother 's old tire business resurrected with a black partner is rejected by the banks . when he is officially served with divorce papers everything comes apart and richard nixon 's broken promises comes to represent all the evils that have come down on him . a news story about a pilot that landed a helicopter on the white house lawn gives him the idea for his attack . bolting onto a baltimore plane he attempts the hi -jacking.
in century venice when a merchant must default on a large loan from an abused jewish moneylender for a friend with romantic ambitions the bitterly vengeful creditor demands a gruesome payment instead .
momoko ryugasaki is the daughter of a smalltime gangster that forges versace brand and a lowlife woman . momoko is smitten by the rococo period and dresses in a lolita style with frilly dresses and embroidery bonnet . she is raised by her father since her mother divorced him to marry her gynecologist and he has taught her how to perfectly embroider . when mr . ryugasaki includes the universal studios brand in his products he is forced to move to the rural shimotsuma with momoko to live in the house of her grandmother . momoko decides to sell her collection of forged versace and universal studios to make money to buy her expensive clothing . the rebel "yanki" ichigo shirayuri visits momoko to buy clothes and soon they begin the most unlikely friendship .
an obese boy named fat albert and his friends rudy mushmouth bill dumb donald russell and weird harold pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their tv world into the real world where fat albert tries to help a young girl doris make friends . however the simple life of the group is interrupted when fat albert falls for doris ' older sister lauri sparking his friends to worry that their leader may never want to return to his cartoon world again .
henry darger worked all his life in menial jobs in chicago . living alone and in poverty he had no friends or close family . spending all his off hours alone he whiled away the hours working on a page illustrated novel called the realms of the unreal . a stunning amalgam of religious imagery fantasy and heroic drama the work was only discovered after darger was moved to a hospital during the last days of his life . darger also wrote journals and an autobiography . the documentary uses interviews with darger 's neighbors and narration of passages from his works along with his illustrations to explore the mind and work of henry darger .
an architect 's desire to speak with his wife from beyond the grave becomes an obsession with supernatural repercussions .
when her husband unexpectedly disappears a sharp -witted suburban wife and her daughters juggle their mom 's romantic dilemmas and family dynamics .
michael has written a schollarly book on the revolutionary war . he has sold the film rights . the arrival of the film crew seriously disrupts him as actors want to change their characters directors want to re -stage battles and he becomes very infatuated with faith who will play the female lead in the movie . at the same time he is fighting with his crazy mother who thinks the devil lives in her kitchen and his girlfriend who is talking about commitment .
a disfigured violinist haunts the paris opera house .
the life of a suburban american family is scarred after a nuclear attack .
in the early 's a white police officer (andres stander played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . then from to the "stander gang " (stander alan heyl & patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day .
it 's . yankel bogovnik a russian jew emigrated to the united states three years earlier and has settled where many of his background have namely on hester street on the lower east side of new york city . he has assimilated to american life having learned english anglicized his name to jake and shaved off his beard . he is working at a /week job as a seamster the money earned to be able to bring his wife gitl and his son yossele to america from russia . regardless he has fallen in love with another woman a dancer named mamie fein . nonetheless he is excited when he learns that gitl and yossele are indeed coming to america . his happiness at their arrival is dampened when he sees that gitl is not "american" looking like mamie and has troubles assimilating as quickly as he would like . except to mamie he tries to show a public faade that everything is fine at home with gitl . but can their marriage survive these differences and if not will gitl be able to manage in this new land where she has few supports ?
harry and eve graham are trying to adopt a baby . the head of the agency senses harry is keeping a secret and does some investigating . he soon discovers harry has done an unusual amount of traveling from his home in san francisco to los angeles . harry gets tracked down in la where he has a second wife and a baby . via flashbacks harry tells the adoption agent how he ended up in two marriages .
the travis family faade is destroyed by an event incomprehensible to them -- an event which will open locked doors and finally reveal the secrets that have haunted them for decades .
a hillbilly sharpshooter drafted in despite his claim to be a pacifist who ends up becoming a war hero .
in a post apocalyptic future that appears as a blend of world war ii europe and j .r.r. tolkien 's middle -earth a pint -size wizard named avatar must save the world from a band of fascist mutants controlled by his evil twin brother blackwolf who likes to confuse enemy armies by projecting films of adolf hitler speeches during attacks . painted live -action footage of advancing nazi armies contrasts with saturday -morning-cartoon-style animation of fairies and elves as avatar travels through various magical and radioactive realms on his quest . aiding him are the beautiful fairy princess elinore hot -blooded warrior elf weehawk and peace a misunderstood robot rebelling against his blackwolf -controlled programming . a bizarre and psychedelic meditation on magic vs . technology this ultimate futuristic fantastic epic cult film still finds an audience on college campuses and will prove quite rewarding to viewers in the right frame of mind .
two bumbling private eyes help a man wrongly accused of murder who has become invisible to help clear his name .
the professional and personal life of actor and comedian peter sellers was a turbulent one . his early movie fame was based primarily on his comic characterizations often of bumbling and foreign -accented persons characters which he embodied . as his movie fame rose he began to lose his own personal identity to his movie characters leading to self -doubt of himself as a person and a constant need for reassurance and acceptance of his work . this self -doubt manifested itself in fits of anger and what was deemed as arrogance by many . in turn his personal relationships began to deteriorate as his characterizations were continually used to mask his problems . his first wife anne howe left /divorced him and his relationships with his parents and children became increasingly distant . his relationship with his second wife swedish actress britt ekland was based on this mask . in his later life he tried to rediscover himself and his career with what would become his penultimate film role that of chance in being there
in a utopian society created at the end of the third world war a female warrior who has been plucked from the badlands begins to see cracks in this new facade . and what does this community have planned for the rest of humankind ?
pooh a bear of very little brain and all his friends in the hundred acre wood sing their way through adventures that encompass honey bees bouncing balloons eeyore 's birthday floods and pooh sticks .
elektra the warrior survives a near -death experience becomes an assassin -for-hire and tries to protect her two latest targets a single father and his young daughter from a group of supernatural assassins .
controversy surrounds high school basketball coach ken carter after he benches his entire team for breaking their academic contract with him .
a scientist living in an apartment complex kills a girl and uses acid to destroy her internal organs and then kills himself . while investigating a doctor discovers that the scientist was doing experiments on the use of genetically engineered parasites as organ transplants . soon other people in the complex begin showing signs of carrying the parasites spreading the things through wanton orgiastic abandon and the complex begins suffering an attrition problem .
norman maine a movie star whose career is on the wane meets showgirl esther blodgett when he drunkenly stumbles into her act one night . a friendship develops then blossoms into romance before tensions increase as esther 's career takes off while norman 's continues to plummet .
dar is a warrior who can talk to the beasts . he is forced to travel to earth to stop his evil brother from stealing an atomic bomb and turning their native land from a desert into well - a desert .
in in the province of gyunggi in south korea a second young and beautiful woman is found dead raped and tied and gagged with her underwear . detective park doo -man and detective cho yong -koo two brutal and stupid local detectives without any technique investigate the murder using brutality and torturing the suspects without any practical result . the detective seo tae -yoon from seoul comes to the country to help the investigations and is convinced that a serial -killer is killing the women . when a third woman is found dead in the same "modus-operandi" the detectives find leads of the assassin .
henry hobson is a successful bootmaker and tyrannical widower of three daughters . the girls each want to leave their father by getting married but henry refuses as marriage traditions require him to pay out settlements .
tobi and achim the pride of the local crew club have been the best of friends for years and are convinced that nothing will ever stand in the way of their friendship . they look forward to the upcoming summer camp and the crew competition . achim 's girlfriend sandra is on the girl 's team and he enjoys spending more time with her . tobi becomes increasingly skeptical of their relationship . anke the pretty girl who has fallen for tobi doesn 't make things any easier then the gay team from berlin arrives and tobi is totally confused . the storm that breaks out the evening before the race begins is more than meteorological in this sensitive story about the complexities of growing up .
in april of germany stands at the brink of defeat with the soviet armies closing in from the west and south . in berlin capital of the third reich adolf hitler proclaims that germany will still achieve victory and orders his generals and advisers to fight to the last man . "downfall" explores these final days of the reich where senior german leaders (such as himmler and goring ) began defecting from their beloved fuhrer in an effort to save their own lives while still others (joseph goebbels ) pledge to die with hitler . hitler himself degenerates into a paranoid shell of a man full of optimism one moment and suicidal depression the next . when the end finally does comes and hitler lies dead by his own hand what is left of his military must find a way to end the killing that is the battle of berlin and lay down their arms in surrender .
driving through the countryside kati jochen and lukas take some magic mushrooms . one of them lukas is not coming down from them . hearing voices like multiple different low turned radio programs changing and mixing altogether . the diagnosis of the physician : paranoid schizophrenia . not able to filter and interpret the sensations presented he encounters fear inner voices paranoia and is drifting away from reality .
on new year 's eve inside a police station that 's about to be closed for good officer jake roenick must cobble together a force made up cops and criminals to save themselves from a mob looking to kill mobster marion bishop .
nick persons is a selfish player who owns a collectables sports shop in vancouver . everything in his life is perfect until he meets suzanne kingston a business woman who has something nick hates - children : lindsey and kevin . nick and suzanne become friends and share good moments with each other . but nick 's peaceful life gets altered when suzanne asks him to drive her kids to vancouver . after the miss a plane and then train they drive . unfortunately kevin and lindsey hate nick and he has to try to make it to vancouver unaware of the terror and torture he is in for .
as a widower tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife 's suicide his daughter finds solace -- at first -- in her imaginary friend .
every culture has one - the horrible monster fueling young children 's nightmares . but for tim the bogeyman still lives in his memories as a creature that devoured his father years earlier . is the bogeyman real ? or did tim make him up to explain why his father abandoned his family ? the answer lies hidden behind every dark corner and half -opened closet of his childhood home - a place he must return to and face the chilling unanswered questions ... dies the bogeyman really exist ?
the wedding date centers around kat ellis (messing) who returns to her parents ' london home for her sister 's wedding . afraid of confronting her ex -fianc who dumped her two years before she hires a top -drawer male escort (mulroney) to pose as her new boyfriend .
when the kinetic rory moves into his room in the carrigmore residential home for the disabled his effect on the home is immediate . most telling is his friendship with michael a young man with cerebral palsy and nearly unintelligible speech . somehow rory understands michael and encourages him to experience life outside the confines of home .
in tokyo the reckless single mother keiko moves to a small apartment with her twelve years old son akira fukushima and hidden in the luggage his siblings shigeru and yuki . kyoko another sibling arrives later by train . the children have different fathers and do not have schooling but they have a happy life with their mother . when keiko finds a new boyfriend she leaves the children alone giving some money to akira and assigning him to take care of his siblings . when the money finishes akira manages to find means to survive with the youngsters without power supply gas or water at home and with the landlord asking for the rental .
a slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "employee of the month " title at work in order to gain the affections of a new female employee .
the successful writer benjamin "ben" mears returns to his hometown salem 's lot maine expecting to write a new novel about the marsten house . ben believes that the manor is an evil house that attracts evil men since the place has many tragic stories and ben saw a ghostly creature inside the house when he was ten . ben finds that the marsten house has just been rented to the antique dealers richard k . straker and his partner kurt barlow that is permanently traveling . ben meets the divorced teacher susan norton that is living with her parents and they have a love affair . ben also gets close to her father dr . bill norton and his former school teacher jason burke . when people start to die anemic ben believes that straker 's partner is a vampire . but how to convince his friends that he is not crazy and that is the truth ?
this movie follows the life of a young german woman married to a soldier in the waning days of wwii . fassbinder has tried to show the gritty life after the end of wwii and the turmoil of the people trapped in its wake .
petra von kant is a successful fashion designer -- arrogant caustic and self -satisfied. she mistreats marlene (her secretary maid and co -designer). enter karin a -year-old beauty who wants to be a model . petra falls in love with karin and invites her to move in . the rest of the film deals with the emotions of this affair and its aftermath . fassbinder tells his story in a series of or long scenes with extended uses of a single camera shot and deep focus .
this film shows the disaster of the kuwaitian oil fields in flames with few interviews and no explanatory narration . hell itself is presented in such beautiful sights and music that one has to be fascinated by it .
footage shot in and around the sahara desert accompanied only by a spoken creation myth and the songs of leonard cohen .
when an unconfident young woman is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self -indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged walking castle .
in britain a boy inventor finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly conflict over a revolutionary advance in steam power .
having failed to break into professional opera in his native germany (where as an usher in west berlin 's deutsche oper he would serenade the staff after the 'real' performances were over ) the diminutive klaus nomi headed for nyc in . the vibrant new wave /avant-garde gestalt of the mid /late east village proved to be fertile ground for the development of his unique talents . working by day as a high -end pastry chef nomi began to stage his outlandish performances first launching himself upon an unsuspecting public at the new wave vaudeville in . the hip and cynical young audience was stunned by this weird combination of falsetto arias booming classical orchestration kraftwerk -style electronica futuristic costumes and outer space imagery . an odd assortment of artists choreographers designers songwriters and musicians jumped on to the nomi bandwagon and the phenomenon began to take off - first attracting thousands to south manhattan events (including performances at the legendary max 's kansas city ) and culminating in a recording contract with the french division of rca . with the release 'klaus nomi ' in and 'simple man ' in it looked as if nomi was on the verge of superstardom . having established himself in europe he made a triumphant return to new york city . but nomi 's moment of glory proved to be his swansong . within only a few months nomi had succumbed to the ravages of aids . one of the first celebrities to be killed by this mysterious new disease nomi died a lonely death largely abandoned by those who had seen him as a passport to their own success . today the otherworldliness of 'the cold song ' and 'dido's lament ' is like an ethereal voice calling from beyond the grave .
while helping his latest client woo the fine lady of his dreams a professional "date doctor " finds that his game doesn 't quite work on the gossip columnist with whom he 's smitten .
in a seemingly typical shoestring budget pornographic film was made in a florida hotel "deep throat " starring linda lovelace . this film would surpass the wildest expectation of everyone involved to become one of the most successful independent films of all time . it caught the public imagination which met the spirit of the times even as the self appointed guardians of public morality struggled to suppress it and created for a brief moment a possible future where sexuality in film had a bold artistic potential . this film covers the story of the making of this controversial film its stunning success its hysterical opposition along with its dark side of mob influence and allegations of the on set mistreatment of the film 's star . in short the combined events would redefine the popular appeal of pornography even as more cynical developments would lead it down other paths .
a bollywood -style update of jane austen 's classic tale in which mrs . bakshi is eager to find suitable husbands for her four unmarried daughters . when the rich single gentlemen balraj and darcy come to visit the bakshis have high hopes though circumstance and boorish opinions threaten to get in the way of romance .
john constantine is approached by det . angela dodson who needs his help to prove that her twin sister isabel 's death was not a suicide . the dead woman was a devout catholic and angela refuses to accept she would have taken her own life . she 's asked constantine for help because he has a reputation for dealing with the mystical . in fact he is a demon hunter whose sole purpose on earth is to send demons back to the nether regions . john himself has been to hell and knows that he is destined to return there on his death - but hopes his good deeds may find him a place in heaven . as he looks into isabel 's death he realizes demons are trying to break through to the human world and his battles lead him into a direct conflict with satan .
a -year-old girl abandoned by her mother when she was three moves to a small town in florida with her father a preacher . while there she adopts a stray dog whom she names after the local supermarket where he was found . with her goofy pooch by her side she meets an eclectic group of townspeople and rekindles an almost lost relationship with her father .
hollywood 's pauly shore loses everything fakes his own death and gets caught !
ann lake has recently settled in england with her daughter bunny . when she goes to retrieve her daughter after the girl 's first day at school no one has any record of bunny having been registered . when even the police can find no trace that the girl ever existed they wonder if the child was only a fantasy of ann 's. when ann 's brother backs up the police 's suspicions she appears to be a mentally -disturbed individual . are they right ?
gus is a fat cartoonist that recently won a battle against cancer which explains his baldness . but he is also lonely . therefore his caring sister tries to set him up with suitable woman . but to do so she must turn him into an irresistible man . when he falls in love with emily gus takes the identity of a mysterious biker from new zealand .
a small -time grifter and nightclub tout takes advantage of some fortuitous circumstances and tries to become a big -time player as a wrestling promoter .
a fantasy -thriller set in present -day moscow where the respective forces that control daytime and nighttime do battle .
in shanghai china in the a wannabe gangster aspires to join the notorious "axe gang " while residents of a housing complex exhibit extraordinary powers in defending their turf .
a nurse and her surgeon -lover are part of a resistance movement in czechoslovakia . when they are discovered her lover flees and she must find a place to hide . a patient whose life ...
to treat his friend 's cocaine induced delusions watson lures sherlock holmes to sigmund freud .
state vs . religion in century france .
paul is young just demobbed from national service in the french army and dishillusioned with civilian life . as his girlfriend builds herself a career as a pop singer paul becomes more isolated from his friends and peers ('the children of marx and coca cola ' as the credits announce ) and their social and emotional politics .
ian curtis is a quiet and rather sad lad who works for an employment agency and sings in a band called warsaw . he meets a girl named debbie whom he promptly marries and his band of which the name in the meantime has been changed to joy division gets more and more successful . even though debbie and he become parents their relationship is going downhill rapidly and ian starts an affair with belgium annik whom he met after one of the gigs and he 's almost never at home . ian also suffers from epilepsy and has no -good medication for it . he doesn 't know how to handle the feelings he has for debbie and annik and the pressure the popularity of joy division and the energy performing costs him .
the end and beginning of the love of the french couple marion and gilles is disclosed backwards through five moments in their lives : moment : they divorce and have one last brutal intercourse without love . moment : with their relationship shaken they have a dinner party with gilles 's gay brother christophe and his younger mate when an infidelity is disclosed at the dinner table . moment : the troubled pregnancy of marion and the delivery of their premature son nicolas with the total absence of gilles . moment : their wedding when marion commits adultery with an unknown guest of the hotel . moment : when they meet each other in an italian resort and begin their relationship .
some time after "baisers vols " antoine doinel (jean-pierre laud ) and christine darbon (claude jade ) are married and antoine works dying flowers and christine is pregnant and gives private classes of violin . when christine is near to have a baby antoine decides to find a new job and he succeeds due to a misunderstanding of his employer . in a business meeting he meets the japanese kyoko (mademoiselle hiroko ) and they have an affair . when christine accidentally discovers that antoine has a lover they separate . but later they miss each other and realize that they do love each other .
edmund a young boy who lives in war -devastated germany after the second world war has to do all kinds of work and tricks to help his family in getting food and barely survive . one day he meets a man who used to be one of his teachers in school and hopes to get support from him but the ideas of this man do not lead edmund in a clearer or safer way of living ...
a baby is intrigued by an irresponsive one .
streetwise mobster -turned-movie producer chili palmer is back but this time chili has abandoned the fickle movie industry and veered into the music business tangling with russian mobsters and gangsta rappers and taking a talented feisty young singer named linda moon under his wing . from the recording studio to an aerosmith concert to the mtv music awards he manipulates events to watch them play out the chili way using his signature blend of wiseguy skills and negotiation tactics . it 's a dangerous business and everyone 's looking for their next big hit .
american soldiers of the field artillery a group known as the "gunners" tell of their experiences in baghdad during the iraq war . holed up in a bombed out pleasure palace built by sadaam hussein the soldiers endured hostile situations some four months after president george w . bush declared the end of major combat operations in the country .
eyal an israeli mossad agent is given the mission to track down and kill the very old alfred himmelman an ex -nazi officer who might still be alive . pretending to be a tourist guide he befriends his grandson axel in israel to visit his sister pia . the two men set out on a tour of the country during which axel challenges eyal 's values .
a failed police negotiator turned small -town cop must save the lives of a family held hostage which draws him into a much more dangerous situation .
in a robot world a young idealistic inventor travels to the big city to join his inspiration 's company only to find himself opposing its sinister new management .
in response to japan 's request for a countermeasure against godzilla un engineers construct mechagodzilla a giant robotic version of godzilla . nonetheless godzilla proves himself a force to be reckoned with against this monstrosity and battle ensues .
the biographical story of michelangelo 's troubles while painting the sistine chapel at the urging of pope julius ii .
a young mouse mole and hedgehog risk their lives to find a cure for their badger friend who 's been poisoned by men .
a flamboyant broadway impresario who has fallen on hard times tries to get his former lover now a hollywood diva to return and resurrect his failing career .
four children from the same family have to leave their town because wwii is happening . a women and a professor take the children to their house . while playing a game of hide and seek the youngest member of the family 'lucy' finds a wardrobe to hide in . she travels back and back into the wardrobe and finds a place named narnia . after going in twice the four children go in together for the last time . they battle wolves meet talking animals encounter a evil white witch and meet a magnificent lion named 'aslan'. will this be the end of their journey to narnia or will they stay ?
u .s. special forces troops ("green berets ") under the command of colonel mike kirby defend a firebase during the vietnam war . war correspondent george beckwith accompanies kirby and objects to both the war and the means by which it is executed . kirby 's firebase is overrun and his troops fight bravely to retake it . kirby and a select group of his men are then ordered on a special mission to capture a high -level viet cong officer .
based on the real -life relationship between teammates brian piccolo and gale sayers and the bond established when piccolo discovers that he is dying .
anthology series hosted by boris karloff that originally told ordinary tales of crime and mystery but later became a showcase for gothic horror stories many of which were based on works ...
at the behest of an old and dear friend playwright lillian hellman undertakes a dangerous mission to smuggle funds into nazi germany .
in london at the turn of the century the bandit mack the knife marries polly without the knowledge of her father peachum the 'king of the beggars '.
a high -school bookworm transforms into a swan . brainy casey carlyle has never quite fit in . caught between her fantasy of becoming a championship figure skater and her strong -willed mother who has her on the fast track to harvard she can only hope to be like nikki tiffany and gen --three elite skating prodigies who are ruthlessly competing on the us national circuit (and have attitudes to match ). but when casey gets the chance to train with gen and her coach a disgraced former skating champion who also happens to be gen 's mother she must dash her own mother 's hopes in order to pursue her dream . now with only the support of gen 's teenage brother a hunky zamboni driver casey takes on the challenge of her life when she finds herself competing against the best to make it into the championship circuit and become a real "ice princess ."
two alternating stories one comedy and the other tragedy about melinda 's attempts to straighten out her life .
because of the notoriety she gained from the miss united states pageant gracie hart 's life as an undercover fbi agent is over . in addition agent eric matthews broke off their relationship which she did not take well . begrudgingly on the advice her boss director harry mcdonald gracie decides to become the fbi 's media relations officer . ten months later with the assistance of style coach joel meyers and a best selling book behind her about her experience gracie becomes a designer -clad media darling and the made -up face of the fbi . the new gracie is the exact opposite of agent sam fuller a woman who like gracie before her pageant experience has deep seated anger issues . the two do not get along but that doesn 't stop mcdonald from assigning sam to be gracie 's bodyguard . the two are sent to las vegas when gracie 's friend reigning miss united states cheryl frasier and the long time miss united states pageant host stan fields are kidnapped there . at the fbi 's las vegas field office assistant director walter collins wants gracie solely to be the media spokesperson on the case but gracie wants to be back in the field especially when she uncovers some leads collins dismisses . despite their antagonistic relationship gracie and sam have to work together to follow these leads . along with them are joel and insecure fbi agent jeff foreman the foursome who in addition to finding cheryl and stan have to elude collins ' other agents collins who wants gracie and sam back on a plane to new york and who wants the glory of solving the case for himself .
percy and marilyn are renewing their vows for their anniversary and their daughter theresa brings her boyfriend simon for them to meet . unbeknownst to her parents the kids plan to announce their engagement during the weekend . the jones family is black ; theresa neglects to tell them simon is white . race complicates percy 's general mistrust of any boyfriend so he instigates an investigation of simon discovering he 's recently lost his job and hasn 't told theresa . mistrust rears its ugly head and in the process of theresa and simon 's argument marilyn and percy fall out . what can the men do to cross the divide between each other and between men and women ? will anyone be exchanging vows ?
filmmaker christopher browne documents the mission of a group of middle -aged bowlers as they attempt to revitalize the sport and get the television -watching public interested in it again .
working -class stella martin marries high -end stephen dallas and soon they have a daughter named laurel . but stephen 's incessant demands of stella to become what she isn 't leads to their eventual separation . stephen later marries helen morrison (his prior fiance ) and laurel becomes the focus of stella 's life and love . nothing is too good for laurel as far as stella is concerned . determined to give her all the advantages she takes laurel on a trip to an expensive resort where laurel makes friends with rich kids . after an embarrassing incident stella realizes that her daughter would go farther in life without stella as her mother . her subsequent sacrifice is shattering .
a doctor and a policeman in new orleans have only hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague .
chicago reporter p .j. mcneal re -opens a ten year old murder case .
ella peterson is a brooklyn telephone answering service operator who tries to improve the lives of her clients by passing along bits of information she hears from other clients . she falls in love with one of her clients the playwright jeffrey moss and is determined to meet him . the trouble is on the phone to him she always pretends to be an old woman whom he calls "mom."
ryunosuke is a sociopathic samurai without compassion or scruples . when he is scheduled for an exhibition match at his fencing school the wife of his opponent begs ryunosuke to throw the match offering her own virtue in trade . ryunosuke accepts her offer but kills her husband in the match . over time ryunosuke is pursued by the brother of the man he killed . the brother trains with the master fencer shimada . in the meantime however ryunosuke earns the enmity of the band of assassins he runs with and it becomes a question of who shall face him in final conflict .
a group of flamenco dancers are rehearsing a very spanish version of the prosper merimee 's drama . antonio (the coreographer ) falls in love with carmen (the main dancer ). their story then turns similar to the play .
a community of magical shape -shifting raccoon dogs struggle to prevent their forest home from being destroyed by urban development .
two young men martin and rudi both suffering from terminal cancer get to know each other in a hospital room . they drown their desperation in tequila and decide to take one last trip to the sea . drunk and still in pajamas they steal the first fancy car they find a 's mercedes convertible . the car happens to belong to a bunch of gangsters which immediately start to chase it since it contains more than the pistol martin finds in the glove box .
city of hope is a portrait of a typical middle -sized american city of the present day . the crux of the story is an old apartment block which stands in the way of a major commercial development . joe rinaldi is the building contractor who owns the buildings and is being pressured to torch them to permit the development to occur . his estranged son nick soon becomes a pawn in the power politics of the city . corrupt mayor baci and policeman o 'brien are determined to push the development while idealistic city councilman wynn soon finds himself torn between what he knows is right and what his black constituents want .
two escaped cons only prayer to escape is to pass themselves off as priests and pass by the police blockade at the border into the safety of canada .
william walker and his mercenary corps enter nicaragua in the middle of the century in order to install a new government by a coup d 'etat. all is being financed by an american multimillionaire who has his own interest in this country .
in the paris of the late century louise wife of a general sells the earrings her husband gave her as a wedding gift : she needs money to cover her debts . the general secretly buys the earrings again and gives them to his mistress lola leaving to go to constantinople . where an italian diplomat baron donati buys them . back to paris donati meets louise ... so now louise discovers love and becomes much less frivolous .
memories is made up of three separate science -fiction stories . in the first "magnetic rose " four space travelers are drawn into an abandoned spaceship that contains a world created by one woman 's memories . in "stink bomb " a young lab assistant accidentally transforms himself into a human biological weapon set on a direct course for tky . the final episode "cannon fodder " depicts a day in the life of a city whose entire purpose is the firing of cannons at an unseen enemy .
in san francisco there are at least two flocks of largely wild parrots who flock around the city . this film focuses on the flock of cherry -headed conures (and a lonely blue -headed one named connor ) who flock around the telegraph hill region of the city and their closest human companion mark bittner . through his own words we learn of his life as a frustrated homeless musician and how he came to live in the area where he decided to explore the nature around him . that lead him to discovering the parrot flock and the individual personalities of it . in a cinematic portrait we are introduced to his colorful companions and the relationship they share as well as the realities of urban wild life that would change bittner 's life forever .
four tales of crime adapted from frank miller 's popular comics focusing around a muscular brute who 's looking for the person responsible for the death of his beloved goldie a man fed up with sin city 's corrupt law enforcement who takes the law into his own hands after a horrible mistake a cop who risks his life to protect a girl from a deformed pedophile and a hitman looking to make a little cash .
lolita plump in her desperately wants her father 's attention . he 's egotistical a famous writer and publisher with an attractive wife little older than lolita . she 's in a choir rehearsing for a concert ; she 's given her father a tape which he 's yet to listen to . sylvia a voice coach is willing to help the group knowing she 'll have a chance to get her husband 's new novel in front of lolita 's father . for lolita this is a pattern : people pay attention to her to gain access to him something she fears is the intent of sbastien a struggling journalist who may become her boyfriend . the night of the concert the music may bring out everyone 's feelings .
master explorer and former us navy seal dirk pitt and his wisecracking buddy al giordino goes on the adventure of a lifetime of seeking out a lost civil war ironclad battleship known as the "ship of death " that protects a secret cargo is lost somewhere in the deserts of west africa . but while the two cross paths with a beautiful and brilliant u .n. scientist dr . eva rojas who is being hounded by a ruthless dictator . she believes that the hidden treasure may be connected to a larger problem that threatens the world around them . hunting for a ship that no one else thinks exists dirk al and eva must rely on their wits and their daring heroics to outsmart dangerous warlords survive the threatening terrain and get to the bottom of both mysteries .
lindsay is stuck in the middle of her relationship with ben and his passion for the boston red sox .
bored with his highway traffic duties arizona motorcycle patrolman john wintergreen is assigned to homicide where his polite investigative style irks his macho boss .
in the xviii century in the countryside of england the landsman ralph gower finds a skull with one eye and fur on the field . he summons the local judge to see his finding but it has disappeared . meanwhile the local peter edmonton brings his fiance rosalind barton to his aunt 's house to marry her on the next day . however during the night rosalind becomes insane and in the morning she is sent to an asylum and peter sees a claw that has replaced her hand . then peter wakes up with a claw attacking him and he cuts it out but he finds that he has hacked down his own hand . the local children have a strange behavior under the command of angel blake and they rape and kill others . in common they have a strange fur on their skin . the judge returns from london and concludes that evil has possessed the children . what will he and his search party do ?
rynn jacobs is a thirteen -year-old girl who lives in a secluded house that she and her father have rented in a quiet seaside community . but whenever anybody from the town tries to satisfy their curiosity rynn 's father is never around and it seems as if the girl is all alone . rynn 's resourcefulness is put to the test as several people try to find out what she might be hiding including the snobby landlady and her sleazy son .
in this film inspired by the ancient erotic and mysterious tales of mid -west asia the main story concerns an innocent young man who comes to fall in love with a slave who selected him as her master . after his foolish error causes their separation he travels in search of her . various other travelers who recount their own tragic and romantic experiences include stories of a young man who becomes enraptured by a mysterious woman on his wedding day and a man who is determined to free a woman from a demon .
the prequel to the horror film ringu this movie provides the background story of how sadako later became the vengeful murdering spirit . the story starts with her as a shy somewhat withdrawn college student who nonetheless gets involved in a drama club . the director thinks she has talent but some of the other performers start to get jealous of the attention he gives her . meanwhile a reporter investigating sadako 's spiritualist mother thinks there 's something very suspicious about the young woman and arrives on campus to confront sadako just as a series of strange deaths start sweeping through the drama club .
walter a german anarchist poet is short of money after his publisher refuses to give him an advance . he tries various ways of raising money including shooting one of his mistresses and ...
two scientists are placed in hibernation and should be awaken after three years . but when they wake up it turns out that it has been fifty years and they are the only two males in a new underground society composed exclusively of women .
young vincent malloy dreams of being just like vincent price and loses himself in macabre daydreams which annoys his mother .
during world war i believing her fianc to be dead a young ballerina loses her job and is forced to turn to prostitution .
from to france 's vichy government collaborated with nazi germany . marcel ophls mixes archival footage with interviews of a german officer and of collaborators and resistance fighters from clermont -ferrand. they comment on the nature details and reasons for the collaboration from anti -semitism xenophobia and fear of bolsheviks to simple caution . part one "the collapse " includes an extended interview with pierre mends -france jailed for anti -vichy action and later france 's prime minister . at the heart of part two "the choice " is an interview with christian de la mazire one of french youth to fight on the eastern front wearing german uniforms .
the phelps department store is about to be sold by its new part owner tommy rogers with the permission of martha phelps the dowager co -owner. the current manager doesn 't want this as the irregularities in the books will show up . when an attempt is made on tommy 's life martha enlists the worst private eye in the world to protect him wolf j . flywheel .
in twelve year old soviet orphan ivan bondarev works for the soviet army as a scout behind the german lines and strikes a friendship with three sympathetic soviet officers .
carrie white a shy friendless year -old girl who is sheltered by her domineering religious mother unleashes her telekinetic powers after being humiliated by her classmates at her senior prom .
just north of london live wendy andy and their twenty -something twins natalie and nicola . wendy clerks in a shop leads aerobics at a primary school jokes like a vaudevillian agrees to waitress at a friend 's new restaurant and dotes on andy a cook who forever puts off home remodeling projects and with a drunken friend buys a broken down lunch wagon . natalie with short neat hair and a snappy droll manner is a plumber ; she has a holiday planned in america but little else . last is nicola odd man out : a snarl big glasses cigarette mussed hair jittery fingers bulimic jobless and unhappy . how they interact and play out family conflict and love is the film 's subject .
mere seconds before the earth is to be demolished by an alien construction crew journeyman arthur dent is swept off the planet by his friend ford prefect a researcher penning a new edition of "the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy ."
yolanda sings in a seedy nightclub . when her boyfriend dies of an overdose she fears the police and seeks refuge in a convent that saves women from the streets . these off -beat nuns include a heroin using abbess who loves yolanda one who writes romance novels under a pseudonym another raising a tiger in the convent yard and one who designs fabulous fashions and is in love with the local priest . they plan an evening extravaganza starring yolanda to celebrate the abbess 's birthday and to convince their wealthy patron not to abandon them .
newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before .
in friedrich weimer 's boxing skills get him an appointment to a national political academy (napola) - high schools that produce nazi elite . over his father 's objections friedrich ...
aviva is thirteen awkward and sensitive . her mother joyce is warm and loving as is her father steve a regular guy who does have a fierce temper from time to time . the film revolves around her family friends and neighbors .
on a flight from los angeles to new york oliver and emily make a connection only to decide that they are poorly suited to be together . over the next seven years however they are ...
enron dives from the seventh largest us company to bankruptcy in less than a year in this tale told chronologically . the emphasis is on human drama from suicide to people sacked : the personalities of ken lay (with falwellesque rectitude ) jeff skilling (he of big ideas ) lou pai (gone with m ) and andy fastow (the dark prince ) dominate . along the way we watch enron game california 's deregulated electricity market get a free pass from arthur andersen (which okays the dubious mark -to-market accounting ) use greed to manipulate banks and brokerages (merrill lynch fires the analyst who questions enron 's rise ) and hear from both presidents bush what great guys these are .
xander "xxx" cage is a thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . nsa agent gibbons forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected where others have failed using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . xander must combat an organization led by a clever ruthless and nihilistic yorgi whose first target is the city of prague .
balian of ibelin travels to jerusalem during the crusades of the century and there he finds himself as the defender of the city and its people .
six friends are on their way to a football game . they decide to camp out for the night and continue driving the next day . the next day the friends find that they 're having car troubles so two of the friends accept a stranger 's ride into a small town named ambrose . the main attraction in ambrose is the house of wax . except something is not right in this town the wax figures are so realistic and the whole town is deserted - except for two murderous twin brothers . the six friends must fight to survive and escape from being the next exhibits in the house of wax .
los angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race loss and redemption .
a teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths together discovering a horrible liberating truth .
a commitment -averse man frantically hits the dating scene after his girlfriend starts pressuring him to pop the question .
during the florida land boom the marx brothers run a hotel auction off some land thwart a jewel robbery and generally act like themselves .
this series follows doctors working in a clinic in a south american jungle . the head of the clinic is ben keeton . otis cole is doctor who had a substance abuse problem . zita alvarez is ben 's right hand . lily brenner is trying to cope with a loss . tommy fuller who is an easy going guy who makes mistakes . mina minard a doctor who made a mistake which affected her confidence . and ryan clark a doctor whom ben likes .
hours in the life of three street youths in montevideo .
a man treated like a dog and raised as a fighting machine his entire life ends up in a coma and is taken in the care of good people but his sinister owner is looking to retrieve his most prized possession : a non stop human weapon triggered by the collar leashed on his neck .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
family man phil weston a lifelong victim of his father 's competitive nature takes on the coaching duties of a kids ' soccer team and soon finds that he 's also taking on his father 's dysfunctional way of relating ...
the love life of charlotte is reduced to an endless string of disastrous blind dates until she meets the perfect man kevin . unfortunately his merciless mother will do anything to destroy their relationship .
a pilot and his passenger struggle for survival after crashing in the arctic tundra .
jeong -won is a man with no memory of his childhood and his real family . at the beginning of the film he witnesses the deaths of two young girls . he begins seeing the girls dead bodies sitting at his kitchen table . he meets yeon a narcoleptic who is a witness in a infant murder case . she can also see the "ghosts" and he soon finds out she is psychic and can also help him recover his lost memories .
one man 's attempt to fill humane loneliness . but love is not for "scumbags".
at new york 's central park zoo a lion a zebra a giraffe and a hippo are best friends and stars of the show . but when one of the animals goes missing from their cage the other three break free to look for him only to find themselves reunited ... on a ship en route to africa . when their vessel is hijacked however the friends who have all been raised in captivity learn first -hand what life can be like in the wild .
coming of age : heidi runs away from home after her mom sees her kissing mom 's boyfriend . she goes to a snowy river resort where a vague job offer doesn 't pan out . she manages to find a place to live and a job at a convenience store . she 's between childhood -- nursery rimes and a scrapbook of glittery unicorns - and adulthood - working sorting out emotions and sexuality and dealing with social slights and false charges of bad behavior . she 's attractive and her loneliness makes her vulnerable . she sleeps with joe the son of local ranchers and she awakens in him feelings he can 't express . is there any way she can put off adulthood and be a kid awhile longer ?
the students of several new york city elementary schools learn ballroom dancing and compete in a city wide dance competition .
paul "wrecking" crewe was a revered football superstar back in his day but that time has since faded . but when a messy drunk driving incident lands him in jail paul finds he was specifically requested by warden hazen (james cromwell ) a duplicitous prison official well aware of paul 's athletic skills . paul has been assigned the task of assembling a team of convicts to square off in a big football game against the sadistic guards . with the help of fellow convict caretaker and an old legend named nate scarborough to coach crewe is ready for what promises to be a very interesting game . it 's only the warden and the guards who have no idea who or what they 're up against with paul the driving force behind the new team .
the story of james braddock a supposedly washed -up boxer who came back to become a champion and an inspiration in the .
four best girlfriends hatch a plan to stay connected with one another as their lives start off in different directions : they pass around a pair of secondhand jeans that fits each of their bodies perfectly .
a fictionalized take on the group of brilliant young skateboarders raised in the mean streets of dogtown in santa monica california . the z -boys as they come to be known perfect their craft in the empty swimming pools of unsuspecting suburban homeowners pioneering a thrilling new sport and eventually moving into legend .
john and jane smith are a normal married couple living a normal life in a normal suburb working normal jobs ...well if you can call secretly being assassins "normal". but neither jane nor john knows about their spouse 's secret until they are surprised to find each other as targets ! but on their quest to kill each other they learn a lot more about each other than they ever did in five (or six ) years of marriage .
a young boy is recruited by his imaginary friends sharkboy and lavagirl to help save their planet .
best friends marie and alexia decide to spend a quiet weekend at alexia 's parents ' secluded farmhouse . but on the night of their arrival the girls ' idyllic getaway turns into an endless night of horror .
the lifelong romance between lolita (balan) and shekar (khan) is upset by the arrival of another man .
a young boy in an effort to have a normal childhood in 's el salvador is caught up in a dramatic fight for his life as he desperately tries to avoid the war which is raging all around him .
in young english widow anna owens accepts the job of teaching the royal children of siam . on her arrival in bangkok culture clash is immediate . the king respects anna for standing up to him though this appalls his courtiers . in due course she becomes the king 's confidant and diplomatic advisor ; their relationship endures through many trials .
when his parents are killed billionaire playboy bruce wayne relocates to asia where he is mentored by henri ducard and ra 's al ghul in how to fight evil . when learning about the plan to wipe out evil in gotham city by ducard bruce prevents this plan from getting any further and heads back to his home . back in his original surroundings bruce adopts the image of a bat to strike fear into the criminals and the corrupt as the icon known as 'batman'. but it doesn 't stay quiet for long .
in the yorkshire countryside working -class tomboy mona meets the exotic pampered tamsin . over the summer season the two young women discover they have much to teach one another and much to explore together .
it 's the school year at st . magnus catholic school in hamilton ontario . fourteen year old ralph walker is in many ways a typical teenager . he is experimenting with smoking and is openly preoccupied with the opposite sex which makes him the brunt of jokes amongst his male classmates and which constantly gets him into trouble with the school 's strict headmaster father fitzpatrick . as penance and to redirect his energies father fitzpatrick orders ralph to join the school 's cross country running team under the tutelage of the school 's avant -garde thinking teacher father hibbert . some of the more unusual circumstances of ralph 's life are that he lives by himself in the family home telling the authorities that he is living with his paternal grandparents (who are in reality deceased ) and telling his widowed hospitalized mother (ralph's father was killed in the war ) that he is staying with a friend . ralph 's focus in life changes after his mother falls into a coma . it will take a miracle for her to come out of that coma . after two unrelated and somewhat innocent comments made to ralph by father hibbert on prayer purity and faith and running the boston marathon ralph believes that that miracle will be him winning the boston marathon for which he only has days to train . to obtain the necessary physical and spiritual requirements to achieve this goal ralph receives some help from his friends claire collins and chester jones and from one of the hospital 's compassionate nurses named alice . although he believes ralph 's mission is misguided father hibbert who has his own secret past running history becomes ralph 's personal trainer . these actions place father hibbert and ralph at odds with father fitzpatrick who sees his and other authority figures ' roles as needing to show ralph his place in life .
the living dead have taken over the world and the last humans live in a walled city to protect themselves as they come to grips with the situation .
thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic sitcom bewitched
'me and you and everyone we know ' is a poetic and penetrating observation of how people struggle to connect with one another in an isolating and contemporary world . christine jesperson is a lonely artist and "eldercab" driver who uses her fantastical artistic visions to draw her aspirations and objects of desire closer to her . richard swersey a newly single shoe salesman and father of two boys is prepared for amazing things to happen . but when he meets the captivating christine he panics . life is not so oblique for richard 's six -year-old robby who is having a risqu internet romance with a stranger and his fourteen -year-old brother peter who becomes the guinea pig for neighborhood girls -- practicing for their future of romance and marriage .
three constitutes an omnibus package of three short horror films made by asian directors . "memories" made by kim ji -woon is about a woman (kim hye -soo) who disappears from the home she shares with her husband (jung bo -seog) and children and ends up in a futuristic city filled with many disturbing hindrances to her finding her way back home . nonzee nimibutr 's "the wheel " contains a puppeteer who is unsuccessful in warning a dance troupe about using cursed puppets . peter ho -sun chan 's "coming home " stars eric tsang as a policeman who becomes involved with his neighbors a married couple who are involved in with some mysterious herbal medications .
berlin student jule is hoplessly indebted due to an accident she caused uninsuredly hitting a rich businessman 's limousine . evicted from her flat she moves in with her boyfrend peter and soon learns that peter and his flatmate jan are breaking into luxurious mansions at night . instead of stealing or vandalizing though they carefully and ornately rearrange furniture and valulables and leave obscure messages . jule convinces jan who has a crush on her to pay a visit to the villa of her creditor .
a wealthy woman from manhattan 's upper east side struggles to deal with her new identity and her sexuality after her husband of years leaves her for a younger woman .
in a small georgia town twelve year old tomboy frankie addams feels unconnected to the world a fact troubling to her . her unconventional views for a twelve year old girl make her an outcast among her peers which she in turn blames for her situation rather than anything of her own doing . her only real friend is john henry her younger next door neighbor although she doesn 't see him as a friend since she doesn 't consider him a peer . as her widowed father is all consumed with running his small business frankie is largely left to the care of their housekeeper berenice . berenice tries to provide as much true guidance to frankie and what frankie considers her problems although berenice has her own troubles looking after her wild foster brother honey camden her only surviving family . in addition frankie largely sees berenice 's advice as the rantings of a large crazy black woman . frankie believes that she has finally found her place in life upon the return to town and announcement by her older enlisted brother jarvis that he is getting married to a woman named janice . immediately upon seeing jarvis and janice together she falls in love with "them" believing she can be a "member" of "them" by leaving town with them immediately following the wedding . frankie even wants to change her name to jasmine to feel more connected to them as they will all then have a name "ja__". two negative situations following the wedding - one in reaction to her finding out that she can 't go with jarvis and janice - may however put frankie in the right direction to truly finding her place in life .
the marx brothers try and put on a play before their landlord finds out that they have run out of money . to confuse the landlord they pretend that the play 's author has contracted some terrible disease and can 't be moved . originally a stage play the setting shows it 's origins but this is vintage marx brothers .
the marx brothers try to help the owner of a circus recover some stolen funds before he finds himself out of a job .
as earth is invaded by alien tripod fighting machines one family fights for survival .
in the antarctic every march since the beginning of time the quest begins to find the perfect mate and start a family .
coach roy once was college basketball 's top mastermind . but lately his attentions have been on his next endorsements not on his next game . whats more roy 's temper has run amuck leading to his being banned from college ball until he can demonstrate compliance --in other words not explode every time he walks onto the court . roy waits and waits ; for a suitable coaching offer but he receives only one : the mount vernon junior high school smelters basketball squad . roy reluctantly accepts the offer hoping that a few weeks at the school will prove his good intentions and restore him to his high -living ways as a celebrated college coach . but when old school meets middle school coach roy doesn 't know what hit him . it 's not until roy decides to teach his young charges some new concepts --like passing rebounding dribbling and scoring --that the smelters begin to find success and roy finds something long thought lost : his love of the game .
a mother and daughter still wounded from a bitter custody dispute hole up in a run -down apartment building . adding further drama to their plight they are targeted by the ghost of former resident .
reed richards a brilliant but timid and bankrupt scientist is convinced that evolution can be triggered by clouds of cosmic energy and has calculated that earth is going to pass one of these clouds soon . together with his friend and partner the gruff yet gentle astronaut muscle -man ben grimm reed convinces his conceited mit classmate dr . victor von doom now ceo of his own enterprise to allow him access to his privately -owned space station . von doom agrees in exchange for control over the experiment and a majority of the profits from whatever benefits it brings . he thus brings aboard susan storm his shy though assertive chief genetics researcher and a former lover of reed 's with whom she had an acrimonious break -up and her diametrically opposed brother johnny the maverick and hot -headed playboy pilot . the astronauts make it home intact ; however before long they begin to mutate developing strange and amazing powers as a result of their exposure to the cloud ! reed is able to stretch like rubber ; sue can turn invisible and create force fields especially when angered ; johnny can produce fire at supernova temperatures and is able to fly ; and ben is transformed into "the thing " a large rock -like creature with super strength . after ben brooding about his situation on the brooklyn bridge inadvertently causes a major traffic pile -up whilst attempting to stop a man about to commit suicide the four manage to use their powers to prevent any loss of life and to rescue a fire truck and its crew from falling off the bridge in a resulting explosion . the media dubs the team the 'fantastic four ' and whilst johnny eagerly embraces his powers and new life ben - the most heavily disfigured - particularly suffers from his transformation ; his disfigurement has caused his fiance to abandon him and has seen him shunned and feared by much of new york . blaming himself reed vows to return ben to his human form and he sue and ben work on a cure constructing a healing chamber in reed 's high tech baxter building loft -turned-laboratory. during this time reed and susan begin to grow close once again and susan admits that she is not interested in victor but ended their relationship because reed feared to commit thinking only in terms of variables . unknown to the others however victor 's body is also mutating ; he is turning into organic metal capable of absorbing and manipulating electrical energy known as doctor doom . as a result of the disastrous expedition his company is going bankrupt and he is losing public stature ; blaming reed for his misfortunes victor swears revenge . and reed ben susan and johnny must defeat victor von doom and foil his evil plans once and for all .
quad rugby as played by the us team between games in sweden and the paralympics in athens . young men most with spinal injuries play this rough and tumble sport in special chairs seated gladiators . we get to know several and their families . they talk frankly about their injuries feelings in public sex lives competitiveness and love of the game . there 's also an angry former team member gone north to coach the canadian team tough on everyone including his viola -playing son . we meet a recently injured man in rehab at times close to despair finding possible joy in quad rugby . after athens the team meets young men injured in war : the future stars of team usa .
two friends john (played by owen wilson ) and jeremy (vince vaughn ) crash weddings to pick up women . one day they crash the wedding of the daughter of the treasury secretary secretary cleary (christopher walken ). instead of short -term flings they end up being invited to the clearys ' island estate and potentially meet the loves of their lives ...
this chicago -set sitcom follows the intertwined lives of six young urbanites trying to learn the ropes of adulthood . through breakups and whatever other curve -balls life throws them the pals stick together .
xavier is now thirty . no longer a student he is not yet a well -balanced fulfilled adult either . his career is unsatisfying : far from being the renowned novelist he aimed to be he must be content with little jobs such as reporter or ghost writer . his greatest "achievement" in "literature" is his collaboration to the script of a corny tv soap ! his sentimental life is not much better rhythmed by one night stands and unfinished romances . it looks as if when he seduces a woman beautiful outside and inside such as kassia or wendy he can 't keep them . will he ever bring his life into focus ?
aspiring emcee djay works the angles to get his first record made with help from assorted people in his memphis 'hood. and when he hears that hip -hop superstar skinny black is heading to his area he throws together a supreme hustle to grab skinny 's attention .
it 's and up -and-coming u .s. marshal teddy daniels is assigned to investigate the disappearance of a patient from boston 's shutter island ashecliffe hospital . he 's been pushing for an assignment on the island for personal reasons but before long he wonders whether he hasn 't been brought there as part of a twisted plot by hospital doctors whose radical treatments range from unethical to illegal to downright sinister . teddy 's shrewd investigating skills soon provide a promising lead but the hospital refuses him access to records he suspects would break the case wide open . as a hurricane cuts off communication with the mainland more dangerous criminals "escape" in the confusion and the puzzling improbable clues multiply teddy begins to doubt everything - his memory his partner even his own sanity .
a grizzled little league coach tries to turn his team of misfits into champs .
in ruggsville texas the police under the command of sheriff john quincy wydell attack the house of the sadistic serial killers firefly family (a.k.a. the devil 's reject ) and they arrest mother firefly but otis b . driftwood and baby firefly escape from the siege . tiny is wandering nearby the house and also escapes . otis and baby call their patriarch the mad clown captain spaulding and they schedule to reunite at an isolated motel in the desert . when otis and baby arrive they kidnap two families of singers using sadism and violence against the harmless persons . meanwhile sheriff wydell promises to capture and kill the runaways seeking revenge for the death of his brother the deputy george wydell .
a seattle musician 's life and career are reminiscent to those of kurt cobain .
set in an era where superheroes are commonly known and accepted young william stronghold the son of the commander and jetstream tries to find a balance between being a normal teenager and an extraordinary being .
in the near future the navy develops a fighter jet piloted by an artificial intelligence computer . the jet is placed on an aircraft carrier in the pacific to learn combat manuevers from the human pilots aboard . but when the computer develops a mind of its own it 's the humans who are charged with stopping it before it incites a war ...
preschool teacher sarah nolan divorced for eight months is still grieving the end of her marriage . although she didn 't see it as being perfect she probably would have stuck it out as what she saw as the "for better or worse " obligation of the wedding vows that is if her ex -husband kevin didn 't end it for what ended up being leaving her for a younger woman . she is urged by her over -supportive family comprised of her many siblings their partners and her widowed father to get back into the dating scene something she has been reluctant to do in not feeling ready . as such her most proactive sister in the matter carol sets her up on an internet dating site . within her less than prepared state sarah does go along with meeting men by the means offered to her . beyond especially her female siblings sarah is given unique perspectives on the whole issue of dating and commitment by her father bill who is exploring dating after losing who was the love of his life in sarah 's mother thrice divorced dolly one of bill 's conquests who he meets online and sarah 's gay teaching colleague leo who she sees as being in the most committed loving relationship with his partner eric of anyone she knows . of the men she meets sarah makes what she believes is a connection with two albeit awkward in both cases . one is bob connor the divorced father of one of her students her hesitance in dating him only because of crossing the professional /personal line . the other is custom wooden boat builder jake anderson who too was pushed into trying online dating by his best friend /divorce lawyer charlie who wants jake solely to get some action despite jake wanting his love life to be more like lara and yuri in doctor zhivago much of what happens between sarah and the two men is based on what stage they are in post -divorce dating life but is also dependent on how much sarah is willing to take a chance on each which may also include she and the respective man just not meshing at a given point in time and she making a wrong decision in the process based on what she sees as the prospects .
-century england and ireland viewed through the eyes of four beautiful high -born sisters - caroline emily louisa and sarah lennox great -granddaughters of a king daughters of a cabinet minister and wives of politicians and peers .
a homely but vivacious young woman dodges the amorous attentions of her father 's middle -aged employer while striving to capture some of the glamorous life of her swinging london roommate .
a stand -up comic (julie kavner ) neglects her two daughters in the midst of her newfound fame .
the crew of the ship serenity try to evade an assassin sent to recapture one of their numbers who is telepathic .
after his family is murdered by a notorious and ruthless bandit a former police officer enlists the services of two outlaws to capture him .
as the extremely withdrawn don johnston is dumped by his latest woman he receives an anonymous letter from a former lover informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him . a freelance sleuth neighbor moves don to embark on a cross -country search for his old flames in search of answers .
gatsu was brought up by a mercenary group since birth . after killing his guardian in self -defence he runs away . years later he encounters griffith and the band of the hawk . the hawks fight for the king of midland and after winning the -year war against the neighbouring chuda they become the king 's personal guard . however once they reach the top things take a turn for the worse .
bo and luke duke are southern cousins . in hazzard county bo and luke help their uncle jesse and their sexy cousin daisy run the moonshine business and always getting into trouble with sherriff roscoe p . coltrane and recklessly driving in their orange car "general lee ". boss hogg the mean and corrupt local county commissioner who hates the dukes evicts the dukes from their farm . bo and duke travels to atlanta and meets up with old friend katie johnson and her friend annette as they set out to find out why boss hogg has evicted them from their farm and what he plans to do . with local ace race car driver billy prickett in town to take part in the annual hazzard road race rally bo and luke sets out to save their farm and foil boss hogg 's scheme .
a darkly satiric story about life crumbling in the midst of a seemingly idyllic suburbia .
a dealer in "outsider" art travels from chicago to north carolina to meet her new in -laws challenging the equilibrium of this middle class southern home .
deuce bigalow is a less than attractive down on his luck aquarium cleaner . one day he runs into a male gigolo who asks him to look after his precious fish while he is away on business . however he wrecks the house and needs quick money to repair it . the only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself taking on an unusual mix of female clients . he encounters a couple of problems though . he falls in love with one of his unusual clients and a sleazy police officer his hot on his trail .
john johnson 's skeleton key is a horror comedy about a tabloid reporter howard who in the process of covering a story on a five -legged two -headed goat comes across the town of nilbog .
four brothers look to avenge their mother 's death .
set in the philippines in towards the end of wwii under the command of lieutenant colonel henry mucci and captain robert prince the ranger battalion undertake a daring rescue mission against all odds . traveling thirty miles behind enemy lines they intend to liberate over american soldiers from the notorious cabanatuan japanese pow camp in the most audacious rescue ever .
a devastating and heartrending take on grizzly bear activists timothy treadwell and amie huguenard who were killed in october of while living among grizzlies in alaska .
lawrence is a reserved civil servant who has worked for the british government for years . when he meets the much younger gina in a caf he is immediately smitten . feeling uncharacteristically impetuous lawrence invites her to join him on a business trip to reykjavik for the g summit . gina not one to hold her thoughts back surprises lawrence with her blunt political opinions and he must balance his affection for her with the propriety of his position .
a vicious kansas city slaughterhouse owner and his hick family are having a bloody "beef" with the chicago crime syndicate over profits from their joint illegal operations . top enforcer nick devlin is sent to straighten things out .
with her unofficial fianc eddie harris studying in england for a year radcliffe educated caroline bender decides to get her first ever job as a secretary at manhattan located fabian publishing which offers its employees "the best of everything ". there she finds her story is somewhat similar to all the other secretaries who are biding their time in the secretarial pool either before getting married - to a current or future beau - or moving on to their dream job . in the latter category is aspiring actress gregg adams who with fellow secretary the naive and inexperienced april morrison become caroline 's new roommates . caroline also finds that as a secretary to the editors she has to learn the special needs and foibles of each . they include the "witch" amanda farrow whose demanding exterior masks a truly lonely woman the aging lothario fred shalimar and the understanding mike rice whose best friend is a bottle of booze . the path to true happiness for each of caroline gregg and april has its bumps along the way . after an incident in her personal life as well as one at work caroline 's life plans change to thoughts of being one of the editors . both amanda and mike hope that caroline doesn 't get this wish each hoping for a different reason .
goaded by his buddies a nerdy guy who 's never "done the deed " only finds the pressure mounting when he meets a single mother .
a woman is kidnapped by a stranger on a routine flight . threatened by the potential murder of her father she is pulled into a plot to assist her captor in offing a politician .
exploring the somewhat darker and more mysterious side of the lewis carroll 's classic book the movie follows alice liddell (the book 's inspiration ) as an old woman who is haunted by the ...
in the film ray (skarsgrd) claire (riseborough) and their seven -year-old daughter zoe are an average american family in kingsville north carolina - except they have existed in a bomb shelter since escaping a day of devastation that changed everything . for days they have transformed their cement prison into a home holding on to memories of the past and hope for a normal life someday . and for days the family has eluded what looms above the surface - the heavy breathing and booming footsteps that punctuate the night threatening their fragile existence . all the while the family has managed to stay hidden . until now . now their safe haven has been breached ... and something is coming for them .
set in valiant is a woodland pigeon who wants to become a great hero someday . when he hears they are hiring recruits for the royal homing pigeon service he immediately sets out for london . on the way he meets a smelly but friendly pigeon named bugsy who joins him mainly to get away from clients he cheated in a game of find -the pebble and helps him sign up for the war .
will and jake grimm are traveling con -artists who encounter a genuine fairy -tale curse which requires true courage instead of their usual bogus exorcisms .
a group of former military elites set out to explore an uncharted abyss not knowing their worst nightmare is waiting for them deep beneath the ground .
in a remote area of northern kenya activist tessa quayle is found brutally murdered . tessa 's companion a doctor appears to have fled the scene and the evidence points to a crime of passion . members of the british high commission in nairobi assume that tessa 's widower their mild -mannered and unambitious colleague justin quayle will leave the matter to them . they could not be more wrong . haunted by remorse and jarred by rumors of his late wife 's infidelities quayle surprises everyone by embarking on a personal odyssey that will take him across three continents . using his privileged access to diplomatic secrets he will risk his own life stopping at nothing to uncover and expose the truth - a conspiracy more far -reaching and deadly than quayle could ever have imagined .
frank martin is the best in the business . the ex -special forces operative hires himself out as a mercenary "transporter" who moves goods --human or otherwise . very simple he delivers no questions asked . frank has relocated from the french mediterranean to miami florida where as a favor to a friend frank is driving for the wealthy billings family . there 's very little that can surprise the transporter but young jack billings has done just that ; frank has unexpectedly bonded with jack age who he drives to and from school . but when jack is kidnapped frank must use his battle -tested combat skills to retrieve the boy and thwart the kidnappers ' master plan to release a virus that will kill anyone with whom it comes in contact .
a lonely landscape architect falls for the spirit of the beautiful woman who used to live in his new apartment .
the daughter of a brilliant but mentally disturbed mathematician recently deceased tries to come to grips with her possible inheritance : his insanity . complicating matters are one of her father 's ex -students who wants to search through his papers and her estranged sister who shows up to help settle his affairs .
this film charts the rise and fall of yuri orlov from his early days in the early in little odessa selling guns to mobsters in his local neighbourhood through to his ascension through the decade of excess and indulgence into the early where he forms a business partnership with an african warlord and his psychotic son . the film also charts his relationship through the years with his younger brother his marriage to a famous model his relentless pursuit by a determined federal agent and his inner demons that sway between his drive for success and the immorality of what he does .
eight unsuspecting high school seniors at a posh boarding school who delight themselves on playing games of lies come face -to-face with terror and learn that nobody believes a liar - even when they 're telling the truth .
a young jewish american flies to ukraine in search of his grandfather 's past . he has a photograph and the name of a village . he hires odessa heritage tours made up of a gruff old man and his english -speaking grandson . the three plus grandfather 's deranged dog travel in an old car from odessa into ukraine 's heart . jonathan the american is a collector putting things he finds into small plastic bags so he will remember . alex the interpreter is an archetypal wild and crazy guy . alex asks the old man "was there anti -semitism in the ukraine before the war ?" will they find the village ? the past illuminates everything .
the o 'leary brothers -- honest jack and roguish dion -- become powerful figures and eventually rivals in chicago on the eve of its great fire .
inspector wing of the hong kong police force has become the victim of a gang led by the evil joe . when his entire team is killed wing becomes a hapless drunk feeling guilty for the deaths of his team . a young man with a troubled past pretends to be a police officer working on the case with wing to get him back on his feet and begin an adventure to get revenge on the evil joe and his gang of five especially when it becomes personal .
the marx brothers come to the rescue in the wild west when a young man trying to settle an old family feud so he can marry the girl he loves runs afoul of crooks .
he may have been the ultimate icon of conformity and postwar complacency but dwight d . eisenhower was an iconoclast visionary and the cassandra of the new world order . upon departing his presidency eisenhower issued a stern cogent warning about the burgeoning "military industrial complex " foretelling with ominous clarity the state of the world in with its incestuous entanglement of political corporate and defense department interests .
touring makes you crazy frank zappa says explaining that the idea for this film came to him while the mothers of invention were touring . the story interspersed with performances by the mothers and the royal symphony orchestra is a tale of life on the road . the band members ' main concerns are the search for groupies and the desire to get paid .
something has gone wrong at a remote scientific research station on mars . all research has ceased . communication has failed . and the messages that do get through are less than comforting . it 's a level quarantine and the only souls allowed in or out are the rapid response tactical squad - hardened marines armed to the teeth with enough firepower to neutralize the enemy ...or so they think .
the daughter of an actor father and a social -climber mother domino harvey bored with her life decides to join the team of ed moseby and becomes a bounty hunter . but she gets in trouble when the mafia 's money is stolen from an armored truck while moseby and his crew are participating in a reality show produced by mark heiss . the situation gets out of control when the sons of a rival mobster are kidnapped while the fbi is monitoring two gangs of mobsters .
young employees at shenaniganz restaurant collectively stave off boredom and adulthood with their antics .
years in the future set in the year aeon flux is a mysterious assassin . four centuries after a virus nearly annihilated the human race leaving only five million survivors in a utopian city called bregna . aeon is struggling to destroy the goodchild regime led by its namesake trevor goodchild the ruler of bregna and a descendant of the man who found a cure for the deadly virus . as instructed by the handler aeon is assigned to assassinate goodchild but there are deeper secrets to be discovered and conspiracies to be foiled .
unfinished life is a video art based on documentary style . it 's the story about journey of women ; homeless illustrator and designer . the video represents the world in their mind especially the memory of their journey between the reality and their dream through interviewing and questioning such as what was their dream when they were young what they are doing now and what would they say to their teenage self if they could go back in time . unfinished life is represented with the experimental technique which include the light and contrasts between romantic vision and reality on street . this video end up questioning about our own life and how could we deal with it while it 's not finish yet .
after being held captive in an afghan cave billionaire engineer tony stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil .
when a younger girl called emily rose dies everyone puts blame on the exorcism which was performed on her by father moore prior to her death . the priest is arrested on suspicion of murder . the trail begins with lawyer erin bruner representing moore but it is not going to be easy as no one wants to believe what father moore says is true .
a bereaved woman and her daughter are flying home from berlin to america . at feet the child vanishes and nobody will admit she was ever on the plane .
set back in the late in a victorian village a man and woman by the names of victor van dort and victoria everglot are betrothed because the everglots need the money or else they 'll be living on the streets and the van dorts want to be high in society . but when things go wrong at the wedding rehearsal victor goes into the woods to practice his vows . just as soon as he gets them right he finds himself married to emily the corpse bride . while victoria waits on the other side there 's a rich newcomer that may take victor 's place . so two brides one groom who will victor pick ?
a wrongfully expelled harvard undergrad moves to london where he is introduced to the violent underworld of football hooliganism .
this is the story of a mild -mannered man named tom stall who becomes a local hero through an act of violence he lives a happy and quiet life with his lawyer wife and their two children in the small town of millbrook indiana . but one night their idyllic existence is shattered when tom foils a vicious attempted robbery in his diner . sensing danger he takes action and saves his customers and friends in the self -defense killings of two -sought-after criminals . heralded as a hero tom 's life is changed overnight attracting a national media circus which forces him into the spotlight . uncomfortable with his newfound celebrity tom tries to return to the normalcy of his ordinary life only to be confronted by a mysterious and threatening man who arrives in town believing tom is the man who wronged him in the past . as tom and his family fight back against this case of mistaken identity and struggle to cope with their changed reality they are forced to confront their relationships and the divisive issues which surface as a result .
an adaptation of the classic dickens tale where an orphan meets a pickpocket on the streets of london . from there he joins a household of boys who are trained to steal for their master .
near the turn of the twentieth century young harry vardon becomes a champion golfer but learns that his amazing skill is no match for the class boundaries that exclude him from "gentlemanly" english society . a dozen years later a young american francis ouimet fights against the same prejudice as well as his own father 's disdain for a chance to participate in the u .s. open against his idol -- harry vardon . the struggles of both men for acceptance provides the background for an amazing contest of skills .
famed writer truman capote southern born and bred but now part of the new york city social circle is growing weary of his current assignment of writing autobiographical type pieces for the new yorker . after reading a newspaper article about the just occurred november cold blooded murders of the clutter family in their rural kansas home truman feels compelled to write about that event as his next article . so he and his personal assistant nelle harper lee also a southern born new yorker and an aspiring writer of her own head to kansas to research the story first -hand. truman hopes to use his celebrity status to gain access to whomever he needs such as to laura kinney a friend of the clutter daughter she who discovered the bodies and to alvin dewey the lead police investigator and also a clutter family friend . if his celebrity doesn 't work truman will grease the wheels by whatever means necessary . when the police eventually charge suspects two young men named dick hickcock and perry smith truman uses those same tactics to gain access to them . truman 's fascination with the story makes him believe that he can revolutionize writing by expanding the germ of the article into what he calls a non -fiction novel . his personal involvement also changes as he grows emotionally attached to perry the seemingly sensitive and thus probable submissive in the criminal pairing thus truman becoming part of the story itself . article or non -fiction novel truman knows that he has to take it to its natural conclusion something which he cannot force . but also missing are the details of the november event itself something that neither dick or perry have divulged even in testimony .
after duke anderson is released from prison after ten years for taking the rap for a scion of a mafia family he cashes in a debt of honor with the mob to bankroll a caper .
a former soldier from an evil company joins a mercenary clan to fight the company he once served .
a group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane .
kelly and evelyn ryan live in defiance ohio with their children . at first glance their life seems idyllic ; they call each other "mother" and "father" and seem to dote on the kids . but kelly was a garage -band crooner whose voice was ruined in an auto accident . he 's resigned to a dead -end factory job that barely pays the bills and is given to fits of alcohol -induced rage . evelyn a stay -at-home wife and mother deals with this abuse by appealing to her priest who is no help at all . she deals with their poverty by entering the jingle contests that were the rage in the 's and early 's even sending in multiple entries in the names of the children . she is very clever at it winning more than her share of prizes but her successes aren 't enough to keep the wolf from the door . further they trigger kelly 's insecurities and he retreats deeper into the bottle using food and mortgage money to support the habit . can the loving optimistic evelyn hold the family together ? is she justified in placing her faith in the deeply -flawed kelly ? how will the children turn out ? this underrated film provides an inspirational answer to these questions .
in a fantasy world of opposing kingdoms a -year-old girl named helena who works at the family circus with her father and mother who wishes --quite ironically --that she could run away from the circus and join 'real life '. but such is not to be the case as she finds herself on a strange journey into the dark lands a fantastic landscape filled with giants monkeybirds and dangerous sphinxes . she must find the fabled mirrormask in order to save the kingdom and get back home .
a petty thief posing as an actor is brought to los angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who 's been training him for his upcoming role ...
lonely sam lives an unhappy life until he meets upbeat and lively ellen and falls in love . but how long will their blossoming romance last as ellen prepares for university in paris .
having been discharged from the marines for a hayfever condition before ever seeing action woodrow lafayette pershing truesmith (eddie bracken ) delays the return to his hometown feeling that he is a failure . while in a moment of melancholy he meets up with a group of marines who befriend him and encourage him to return home to his mother by fabricating a story that he was wounded in battle with honorable discharge . they make him wear a uniform complete with medals and is pushed by his new friends into accepting a hero 's welcome when he gets home where he is to be immortalized by a statue that he doesn 't want has songs written about his heroic battle stories and ends up unwillingly running for mayor . despite his best efforts to explain the truth no one will listen .
playwright tony kushner adapts his political epic about the aids crisis during the mid -eighties around a group of separate but connected individuals .
two sisters plus a dead mother a remarried father and a hostile step -mother. the sisters each in her way have perfected the art of losing . the elder rose is an attorney responsible lonely with a closet full of shoes . the younger is maggie beautiful selfish and irresponsible . her drunken behavior gets her tossed by her step -mother from her dad 's house ; worse behavior gets her tossed from rose 's apartment . then while searching in her father 's desk for money to filch maggie finds an address ; the past and the future open up to her and with any luck may open to her sister as well .
in in brooklyn new york the dysfunctional family of pseudo intellectuals composed by the university professor bernard and the prominent writer joan split . bernard is a selfish cheap and jealous decadent writer that rationalizes every attitude in his family and life and does not accept "philistines" - people that do not read books or watch movies while the unfaithful joan is growing as a writer and has no problems with "philistines". their sons the teenager walt and the boy frank feel the separation and take side : walt stays with bernard and frank with joan and both are affected with abnormal behaviors . frank drinks booze and smears with sperm the books in the library and a locker in the dress room of his school . the messed -up and insecure walt uses roger water 's song "hey you " in a festival as if it was of his own and breaks up with his girlfriend sophie . meanwhile joan has an affair with frank 's tennis teacher ivan and bernard with his student lili .
brandon lang loves football : an injury keeps him from the pros but his quarterback 's anticipation makes him a brilliant predictor of games ' outcomes . needing money he leaves vegas for manhattan to work for walter abrams advising gamblers . walter has a doting wife a young daughter and a thriving business but he has problems : a bum heart a belief he 's a master manipulator and addictions barely kept in check . he remakes brandon and a father -son relationship grows . then things go awry . walter may be running a con . the odds against brandon mount .
a cyclist is killed swiped by a range rover in a village lane . james and anne manning become involved because the victim is the husband of their cleaner maggie . james a solicitor in the city soon comes to suspect william bule a millionaire playboy who has moved back to the village . william pressed by james confesses to the hit and run . but the confession is clouded by anne 's admission of her affair with william .
captain james b . pirk of the starship c .p.p. kickstart and his crew commander dwarf and commander info find themselves stranded on century earth after a previous adventure to save the planet from hostile aliens .
the story of a forbidden and secretive relationship between two cowboys and their lives over the years .
during a hometown memorial for his kentucky -born father a young man begins an unexpected romance with a too -good-to-be-true stewardess .
. josey aimes takes her two kids sammy and karen and leaves her abusive husband wayne to return to her northern minnesota home town . on a chance meeting with her old friend glory dodge who works as a driver and union rep at the mine operated by pearson taconite and steel josey decides to work at the mine as well work that is dominated by men in number and in tone . she does so to be able to stand on her own two feet for the first time in her life something she probably could not have done if she remained in a job washing hair at a beauty salon . working at the mine does not sit well with her father hank aimes who also works at the mine and who like the other male workers believes she is taking a job away from a man . hank has believed that all josey 's problems are of her own doing ever since she unmarried had sammy while she was still in high school . josey has always stated that she does not know who sammy 's biological father is which fosters hank 's attitude about her . among josey 's coworkers is bobby sharp who many believe is sammy 's biological father . josey 's evangelical mother alice aimes stands by her husband in their general belief of traditional roles of men and women . josey and her fellow female mine workers are continually harassed emotionally physically and sexually by their male counterparts . every seeming step forward in the issue josey finds is only a measure to lull the women into a false sense of security or to make the fall even harder . unable to withstand the abuse josey decides to sue the company for sexual harassment . she does so with the help of glory and her husband kyle 's friend bill white an ex -new york lawyer who is facing his own emotional demons . they being able to get any corroboration is difficult as all josey 's male coworkers are standing together and all the women fear retribution by the company and /or their male coworkers after the fact . even glory is facing her own issues which prevent her from being that strong union voice . only a small grain of the truth coming to light may be what josey and bill need ...
leigh 's birthday party takes a sudden turn when she announces that the evening may be the last time her friends see her alive . a night of questions coping and debauchery immediately follow .
a phobic man 's dreams begin to come true .
a homeless teenager must make a difficult choice after her brother 's debt gets him in big trouble .
set in an contemporary alternative world where the confederate states of america managed to win the american civil war a british film documentary examines the history of this nation . beginning with its conquest of the northern states the film covers the history of this state where racial enslavement became triumphant and the nation carried sinister designs of conquest . interspersed throughout are various tv commercials of products of a virulent racist nature as well as public service announcements promoting this tyranny . only at the end do you learn that there is less wholly imagined material in the film than you might suspect .
a small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction .
a film adaptation of steve martin 's novel about a complex love triangle between a bored salesgirl a wealthy businessman and an aimless young man .
a diverse group of high school students band together to peacefully stick it to their overbearing principal .
karen o 'connor tells the story about two distinct but related periods in her life . in she is an up -and-coming los angeles based journalist who has been given the lucrative assignment of convincing once successful comic vince collins who is at the tail end of his career to allow her to ghost write his memoirs . most specifically she has the task from her publishers of discovering the reason behind two issues in vince 's life from : why he and his former on -stage partner lanny morris who is still active and well known within the entertainment business broke up their professional partnership shortly after they hosted a successful thirty -nine hour telethon for polio research in miami there not having been any indication of problems between the two before that ; and how did the dead body of maureen o 'flaherty end up in the water filled bathtub in vince and lanny 's new jersey hotel suite the opening of that new jersey hotel owned by mobster sally sanmarco which was lanny and vince 's next gig after the telethon . maureen a college student was working part -time as a room service waitress at the miami versailles hotel where vince and lanny were staying during the telethon she who had served the pair at the time . the last she was known to be seen was by the miami hotel staff when lanny and vince were still staying there three days before the discovery of her body with the official cause of death being accidental drowning as she had narcotics in her system . neither lanny or vince was ever implicated in having anything to do with maureen 's death or even how she got from miami to new jersey coinciding with their own travels . despite there perhaps being more well known writers who could do the job the publishing company chose karen as known or unknown to vince she was the miracle child a polio survivor who appeared on the telethon . during her research karen is unable to meet with lanny who through his legal representatives tells her that he is writing his own explosive tell -all book which will make her project meaningless . in karen 's search for the truth things get complicated when she starts receiving from an anonymous source upcoming chapters from lanny 's memoirs which may purely be to throw her off the track from reality and when she meets lanny in the flesh she not divulging to him who she really is .
elizabeth richardson is a teenager plagued by amnesia . she finds herself in therapy trying to remember past events of two separate abductions less than a year apart from one another . in the process of uncovering the truth of what happened she is faced with the conflict of accepting her past and moving forward from the trauma .
this movie focuses on the attempts of a psychiatrist to prevent one of his patients from committing suicide while trying to maintain his own grip on reality .
the legendary zorro goes off on another adventure to protect the future of california and its citizens . this time he fights against evil -doers with the help of his beautiful wife elena and their precocious young son joaquin . alejandro de lavega is torn between two worlds : his life as zorro and his life as a family man . after alejandro once again breaks his promise to stop wearing the mask elena leaves him and soon begins seeing armand a haughty french count . but a mysterious explosion in the desert leads zorro to believe that there 's more to armand than meets the eye and our hero is intent on finding out what that is . little does he know there are others working to uncover certain truths as well .
dave spritz is a local weatherman in his home town of chicago where his career is going well while his personal life -- his relationship with his perfectionist writer father his neurotic ex -wife and his now -separated children -- is spiraling downward . despite being both loathed and loved by the local masses dave is a guy who doesn 't seem to have it all together and in this film he begins to feel it . an attractive job offer presents dave with a major question : to pursue his career in new york city or to remain at home with his family .
when detective eric matthews is called to a crime scene of a victim of jigsaw he finds a lead to the place where he is hidden . once there he realizes that jigsaw trapped his son daniel matthews with three women and four men in a shelter and they are inhaling a lethal nerve gas . if they do not use an antidote within two hours they will die . eric follows with increasing desperation the death of each member of the group in monitors while trying to convince jigsaw to release his son .
a strange visitor in a wealthy family . he seduces the maid the son the mother the daughter and finally the father before leaving a few days after . after he 's gone none of them can ...
ten years after the first american pie movie three new hapless virgins discover the bible hidden in the school library at east great falls high . unfortunately for them the book is ruined ...
what could be better for the village than a scenic railway to bring in the tourists ? what could be worse for tourism than war ? luka builds the railway and shuts his eyes to war . then luka 's wife runs off with a musician and his son is called up to the army . luka 's life is a war zone . then he meets sabaha ..
in the first sequel to tarzan the ape man harry holt returns to africa to head up a large ivory expedition . this time he brings his womanizing friend marlin arlington . holt also harbors ideas about convincing jane to return to london . when holt and arlington show jane some of the modern clothes and perfumes they brought from civilization she is impressed but not enough to return . tarzan wrestles every wild animal imaginable to protect jane but when he disallows the expedition from plundering ivory from the elephant burial grounds it is he who takes a bullet from arlington 's gun . jane eventually believes that tarzan is dead but he is nursed back to health by the apes . as jane and the returning expedition are attacked by violent natives we wonder if tarzan can rescue them yet again .
a story of slavery set in the southern u .s. in the .
antoine doinel is now more than thirty . he divorces from christine . he is a proofreader and is in love with sabine a record seller . colette his teenager love is now a lawyer . she buys antoine 's first published autobiographical novel . they meet again in a station ...
after seven years in solitary jake green is released from prison . in the next two years he amasses a lot of money by gambling . he 's ready to seek his revenge on dorothy (mr. d ) macha a violence -prone casino owner who sent jake to prison . he humiliates macha in front of macha 's lieutenants leaves and keels over . doctors tell him he has a rare disease and will die in three days ; macha also puts a hit out on him . loan sharks zack and avi demand jake 's cash and complete fealty in return for protection . jake complies and through narration and flashbacks we watch him through at least three days of schemes danger and redemption . who is his greatest enemy ?
only legendary japanese garage rock band guitar wolf can stand between a race of aliens from destroying earth with an army of zombies .
a psychological study of operations desert shield and desert storm during the gulf war ; through the eyes of a u .s marine sniper who struggles to cope with the possibility his girlfriend may be cheating on him back home .
after chicken little causes widespread panic --when he mistakes a falling acorn for a piece of the sky --the young chicken is determined to restore his reputation . but just as things are starting to go his way a real piece of the sky lands on his head . chicken little and his band of misfit friends abby mallard (aka ugly duckling ) runt of the litter and fish out of water attempt to save the world without sending the town into a whole new panic .
richard returns home from military service to a small town in the midlands . he has one thing on his mind : revenge . payback for the local bullies who did some very bad things to his brother . at first his campaign employs guerrilla tactics designed to frighten the men and put them ill at ease . but then he steps up his operation and one by one these local tough guys are picked off by the terrifying angel of vengeance that richard has become .
iris has a dead -end job in a match -factory lives with her dour and forbidding parents and her social life is a disaster . but when she is made pregnant after a one -night stand by a man who thought she was a prostitute she decides that enough is enough and plans her revenge ...
a tale of an inner city drug dealer who turns away from crime to pursue his passion rap music .
chris brander has always been friends with jamie palamino but now decides it is time to take his relationship to the next step . the problem is that jamie still wants to be 'just friends '. when he runs away and moves to l .a. he becomes an attractive music manager whom everyone wants . when his jet catches fire and is forced to land when flying to paris with his newest singing sensation samantha james he ends up back home . to his surprise he encounters jamie again and sets out to be more than 'just friends ' this time .
american oil companies connex and smaller killen are undergoing a merger the new company named connex -killen. the move is in response to connex losing a number of oil fields in the persian gulf region as prince nasir al -subaai his country 's foreign minister and the oldest son of the emir and thus the heir apparent to the throne signed a contract with the chinese instead . as killen somehow managed to get the contract for the oil fields in kazahkstan the merger would give connex -killen additional control of the industry in the middle east . connex 's retained law firm headed by dean whiting assigns bennett holiday to demonstrate to the us department of justice that due diligence has been done to allow the merger to proceed i .e. that the merger would not break any antitrust regulations . the us government is unhappy with prince nasir 's decision to award the contract to the chinese and in combination with issues around illegal weapons the cia assigns field agent bob barnes who has experience in the middle east to assassinate the prince whose eventual leadership would further undermine us oil security . barnes becomes a pawn in the goings -on between the players . meanwhile geneva based bryan woodman an energy analyst eventually becomes associated with the emir and his family largely due to a tragic incident . in the process woodman learns of prince nasir 's western leanings and his want to change radically his country into a western democracy with a diversified economy . if the emir found out it could threaten prince nasir ascension to the throne and thus derail the democratization process . through all these manoeuvrings migrant workers are affected some who cannot retain work with the changing of companies controlling the oil . some of those may try to take matters into their own hands for their form of justice .
charles is worn down by his home life where he and his wife struggle to cope with the demands of their daughter 's illness and his job . when he meets lucinda on the train to work in chicago there is an immediate spark between them . soon they are doing lunch ; dinner and drinks follow . this leads to an adulterous rendezvous in a hotel . however no sooner have they torn each other 's clothes off than their room is invaded by a thief who beats charles and rapes lucinda . because of the illicit nature of their relationship charles agrees with lucinda who is reluctant to go to the police and soon finds he is powerless to resist the demands of the thief .
sparks fly when spirited elizabeth bennet meets single rich and proud mr . darcy . but mr . darcy reluctantly finds himself falling in love with a woman beneath his class . can each overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
three backpackers stranded in the australian outback are befriended by a local who turns out to be a sadistic psychopath and will plunge them into a hellish nightmare of insufferable torture .
in the winter of her senior year maya talks to jared at a frat party accepts his invitation to dinner at a nice restaurant then goes to his apartment just to talk . he assaults her . her personality changes she 's withdrawn ; she graduates and takes a job at a clothing store staying apart from co -workers. at night she 's someone else : a beauty at the club scene dancing seductive sniffing cocaine becoming the friend of a heavy hitter . she thinks about her racial identity . that fall she 's a grad student and jared is in an exam she proctors . she invites him to her apartment ; he 's certain she 's stuck on him .
harry 's fourth year at hogwarts is about to start and he is enjoying the summer vacation with his friends . they get the tickets to the quidditch world cup final but after the match is over people dressed like lord voldemort 's 'death eaters ' set a fire to all the visitors ' tents coupled with the appearance of voldemort 's symbol the 'dark mark ' in the sky which causes a frenzy across the magical community . that same year hogwarts is hosting 'the triwizard tournament ' a magical tournament between three well -known schools of magic : hogwarts beauxbatons and durmstrang . the contestants have to be above the age of and are chosen by a magical object called goblet of fire . on the night of selection however the goblet spews out four names instead of the usual three with harry unwittingly being selected as the fourth champion . since the magic cannot be reversed harry is forced to go with it and brave three exceedingly difficult tasks .
this candid often -funny drama explores the bittersweet side of friendship through the eyes of two best -friend married couples . invited to dinner at the suburban home of husband -and-wife food critics gabe and karen beth reveals she 's breaking up with her husband tom after years of marriage and two children . this unexpected revelation forces gabe and karen to reevaluate their seemingly perfect relationship as well as their friendship with two people who seem to be refusing the life they all once worked so hard to preserve . the drama is set in present -day connecticut and new york city with flashbacks to martha 's vineyard twelve -and-a-half years earlier .
while growing up in the great depression era johnny cash takes an interest in music and eventually moves out of his arkansas town to join the air force in germany . while there he buys his first guitar and writes his own music and proposes to vivian . when they got married they settled in tennessee and with a daughter he supported the family by being a salesman . he discovers a man who can pursue his dreams and ends up getting a record with the boys . shortly after that he was on a short tour promoting his songs and meets the already famous and beautiful june carter . then as they get on the long -term tours with june the boys and jerry lee lewis they have this unspoken relationship that grows . but when june leaves the tour because of his behavior he was a drug addict . his marriage was also falling apart and when he sees june years later at an awards show he forces june to tour with them again promising june to support her two kids and herself . while the tour goes on the relationship between june and john grow moreand his marriage to his first wife ends . june finds out about the drugs and help him overcome it . true love and care helped john eventually stop the drug usage and finally proposes to her in front of an audience at a show .
this is the film version of the pulitzer and tony award winning musical about bohemians in the east village of new york city struggling with life love and aids and the impacts they have on america .
a young man takes drastic measures to rid his dysfunctional family of its various afflictions .
danny and walter are two brothers who barely get along even while driving their parents to distraction as their older sister tries to ignore them . despite their squabbling the brothers manage cooperate enough to play an old mechanical board game named zathura . however after their first move they find that the game has apparently flung them their sister and their entire house into outer space . furthermore the brothers surmise the only way to return home is to finish the game . however with almost every move new dangers arise as the siblings find themselves learning to cooperate in ways they never expected as they realize what they mean to each other .
born christmas day zac beaulieu is the fourth of five sons of gervais and laurianne beaulieu . zac feels somewhat disconnected to his brothers all of whom are different from each other . they include the bookworm christian who is the eldest the dumb jock antoine who is third and the youngest yvan . but zac has the most contempt for his second eldest brother the shiftless druggie raymond . to his devout catholic mother zac is her miracle son both for being born the same day as jesus christ (a fact which zac has always hated ) and because a tupperware -selling mystic once told her that he has the power to heal . laurianne has always coddled zac the two who have a special if unspoken bond . but zac wants more to please his father who wants more than anything in his sons that they grow up to be man 's men and not sissies . as zac goes through his mid -teens to early twenties zac isn 't sure if he can live up to the ideals of either his mother or especially his father . a young man with stress -induced asthma zac just wants to be what he considers normal which includes getting rid of his asthma . but more importantly he wants to get rid of the underlying thoughts that he has and which most going through puberty have but that for him are becoming more prevalent as he grows older .
sarah silverman stars as sarah silverman an unemployed single woman who still behaves like a child . sarah depends in everything on her sister (played by her real sister laura ). sarah is petty self centered childish sometimes dumb and always jewish . other characters are her two gay neighbors (or gaybors as she calls them ) and laura 's boyfriend who is a police officer .
larceny lust and lethal behavior . in icebound wichita kansas it 's christmas eve and this year charlie arglist just might have something to celebrate . charlie an attorney for the sleazy businesses of wichita and his unsavory associate the steely vic cavanaugh have just successfully embezzled million from kansas city boss bill guerrard . but the real prize for charlie is the stunning renata who runs the sweet cage strip club . charlie hopes to slip out of town with renata . but as daylight fades and an ice storm whirls everyone from charlie 's drinking buddy pete van heuten to the local police begin to wonder just what exactly is in charlie 's christmas stocking - and the hours of christmas eve are filled with surprises .
the morgans a loving and strong family of black sharecroppers in louisiana in face a serious family crisis when the husband and father nathan lee morgan is convicted of a petty crime and sent to a prison camp . after some weeks or months the wife and mother rebecca morgan sends the oldest son who is about years old to visit his father at the camp . the journey becomes something of an odyssey for the boy . during the journey he stays a little while with a dedicated black schoolteacher .
from a humble background and with traditional values irish chris wilton is still struggling financially despite being a recently retired high ranked tennis pro . he has taken a job as a tennis instructor at an upscale london tennis club although he knows there is a better life for him somewhere down the road . he is befriended by one of his students wealthy tom hewett . chris starts to date tom 's sister chloe hewett a girl -next-door type who is immediately attracted to chris . chloe quickly knows she wants to marry chris and through her businessman father alec hewett tries to help chris and their future by getting him an executive job in alec 's company . in his life with the hewetts chris begins to enjoy the finer things in life . through it all however chris cannot help thinking about nola rice a struggling american actress who he meets at the hewett estate and who is tom 's unofficial fiance . nola is vivacious and she knows the effect she has on men including chris . unlike chris nola is not accepted by tom and chloe 's mother the outspoken eleanor hewett . chris has to decide if he can give up what he has been able to achieve with chloe and the hewetts or if the passion he feels for nola is stronger than the finer things in life to which he is now accustomed . he may go to any length to have his cake and eat it too .
a priest in a poor community lives a charitable life in accordance with his religious principles but many others do not return the favor .
in nablas on the west bank said and khaled who have volunteered to be suicide bombers receive word it will be tomorrow - the cell 's first operation in two years . they 're shaven and shorn in black suits to pose as settlers in tel aviv for a wedding . something goes wrong at the crossing they 're separated and the action is postponed long enough for renewed questioning of what they 're about to do . suha the well -educated and well -traveled daughter of a martyr challenges the action . she likes said and has her own ideas . "under the occupation we 're already dead " is khaled 's analysis . fate and god 's will seem to drive said . we must be moral argues suha . can minds change ?
four children from the same family have to leave their town because wwii is happening . a women and a professor take the children to their house . while playing a game of hide and seek the youngest member of the family 'lucy' finds a wardrobe to hide in . she travels back and back into the wardrobe and finds a place named narnia . after going in twice the four children go in together for the last time . they battle wolves meet talking animals encounter a evil white witch and meet a magnificent lion named 'aslan'. will this be the end of their journey to narnia or will they stay ?
carl denham needs to finish his movie and has the perfect location ; skull island . but he still needs to find a leading lady . this 'soon-to-be-unfortunate' soul is ann darrow . no one knows what they will encounter on this island and why it is so mysterious but once they reach it they will soon find out . living on this hidden island is a giant gorilla and this beast now has ann is its grasps . carl and ann 's new love jack driscoll must travel through the jungle looking for kong and ann whilst avoiding all sorts of creatures and beasts . but carl has another plan in mind .
in the -year-old chiyo gets sold to a geisha house . there she is forced into servitude receiving nothing in return until the house 's ruling hierarchy determines if she is of high enough quality to service the clientele -- men who visit and pay for conversation dance and song . after rigorous years of training chiyo becomes sayuri a geisha of incredible beauty and influence . life is good for sayuri but world war ii is about to disrupt the peace .
the stone family unites in common cause when their favorite son brings his uptight girlfriend home for the christmas holiday with plans of proposing . overwhelmed by the hostile reception she begs her sister to join her for emotional support triggering further complications .
jimmy kilmartin 's an ex -con who 's trying to go straight . but he can 't say no to a quick driving job because his so called friend 's life is threatened . the job is for little junior brown a violent and powerful villain . when things go wrong jimmy is left to do the time and his whole life is turned upside -down but if that wasn 't enough the cops won 't leave jimmy alone when he gets out ... they want 'little junior '
in a small city of brazil flor (a very good looking woman ) marries vadinho a very handsome and erotic man . once married she finds he is a good -for-nothing. she works teaching cooking to ...
an ex -bullfighter who gets turned on by killing a lady lawyer with the same fetish and a young man driven insane by his religious upbringing - these are the main characters in this stylish black comedy about dark sides of human nature .
a love story between two savants with asperger 's syndrome a kind of autism whose conditions sabotage their budding relationship .
erik has to return to the rural village where he grew up when he is told that his younger sister sussie has disappeared without a trace . on returning erik gets mixed up in a quirky story including stolen money drugs and a local policeman who prefers to look the other way .
after black september 's assassination of israeli athletes at the munich olympics in prime minister golda meir okays a black -box operation to hunt down and kill all involved . a team of five gathers in switzerland led by avner a low -level mossad techie whose father was a war hero and whose wife is pregnant . it 's an expendable team but relying on paid informants they track and kill several in europe and lebanon . they must constantly look over their shoulders for the cia kgb plo and their own sources . as the body count mounts -- with retribution following retribution -- so do questions doubts and sleepless nights . loyalties blur . what does it mean to be a jew ?
down -on-his-luck theatrical producer max bialystock is forced to romance rich old ladies to finance his efforts . when timid accountant leo bloom reviews max 's accounting books the two hit upon a way to make a fortune by producing a sure -fire flop . the play which is to be their gold mine ? "springtime for hitler ."
a pre -operative male -to-female transgender takes an unexpected journey when she learns that she fathered a son now a teenage runaway hustling on the streets of new york .
hunky ny lawyer jeff daly has finally got engaged to fickle sarah huttinger who presents him to her pasadena family who all soon take to him for her sister 's wedding to scott . but jeff 's clever counting makes sarah realize her dad earl isn 't her biological father . once movie clues from family indicate as suspect success author beau burroughs she insists to get to meet him . only like her mother and grandmother she has a one night -stand with beau which may well cost her jeff .
the bakers while on vacation find themselves competing with a rival family of eight children .
when an affluent couple lose all their money following a series of blunders they turn to a life of crime to make ends meet .
a young woman on the run from the mob poses as her wealthy twin sister to try and evade them but soon discovers that her sister has a price on her head as well .
casanova is in love with francesca who thinks he is a friend of himself even though he is engaged to victoria who is the love of giovanni francesca 's brother . francesca is betrothed to paprizzio who thinks casanova is the feminist writer guardi who is really francessca 's nomme de plume . amidst all these secret identities and misunderstandings the catholic church sends pucci to bring casanova and guardi to trial for heresy .
richard pryor performs his stand -up comedy act on the sunset strip .
a larger lamp watches while a smaller younger lamp plays exuberantly with a ball but doesn 't pick up the knack of correct handling .
a pastor preoccupied with writing the perfect sermon fails to realize that his wife is having an affair and his children are up to no good .
noriko is twenty -seven years old and still living with her widowed father . everybody tries to talk her into marrying but noriko wants to stay at home caring for her father .
documentary style account of a nuclear holocaust and its effect on the working class city of sheffield england ; and the eventual long running effects of nuclear war on civilization .
as korea 's biggest crime organization 'goldmoon' expands its powers kang the head of police investigation planning department orders the undercover cop ja -seoung to participate in project "new world " that will take down 'goldmoon'. ja -seong must choose either to follow kang 's orders as a cop or to keep his loyalty with jeong cheong the under -boss of the 'goldmoon' crime organization .
after a thirteen -year imprisonment for the kidnap and murder of a six -year-old boy guem -ja lee seeks vengeance on the man truly responsible for the boy 's death . with the help of fellow ...
weekly documentary series focussing on political and social issues .
in the early years of world war ii a german u -boat sinks allied shipping in the gulf of st . lawrence and then tries to evade canadian military forces seeking to destroy it by sailing up to hudson bay . the u -boat's fanatical nazi captain sends some members of his crew to look for food and other supplies at a hudson bay company outpost . no sooner than the shore party (lead by lieutenant hirth ) reaches the shore the u -boat is spotted and sunk by the canadian armed forces leaving the six members of the shore party stranded in canada . the nazi lieutenant then starts to plan his crews ' return to the fatherland . he needs to reach the neutral united states or be captured . along the way they meet a variety of characters each with their own views on the war and nationalism . in this film michael powell and emeric pressburger show their ideas of why the united states should join the allied fight against the nazis .
officers of the philadelphia 's precinct keep the peace and investigate crimes between paranormal beings and humans in a large neighborhood known as district .
in the century a vampire escapes from the freak show she once participated in and teams up with a group of vampire slayers to kill the man who raped her mother .
backpackers are in amsterdam where they get locked out of their youth hostel . they are invited into a man 's house where he tells them of a hostel somewhere in eastern europe where the women are all incredibly hot and have a taste for american men . when they get there everything is too good to be true - the hostel is "to die for "
when his roommate spends the rent money on hookers alex a year old video game tester has to find a new place to live . after an "encounter" with his friend 's mom alex is forced to move in with his grandmother . trying to save face with his younger co -workers alex says that "a really cute chick said i could sleep with her and her two crazy girlfriends " (meaning his grandmother and her two roommates ).
an affair between the second in line to britain 's throne (franco) and the princess of the feuding irish (myles) spells doom for the young lovers .
years ago don haskins went on the recruiting trail to find the best talent in the land black or white . blacks and whites made up the legendary texas western miners . they were mocked and ridiculed for their showboating and flaunting of black players on the court . yet in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds haskins and his miners came together as a team united to reach the national championship game against powerhouse kentucky .
upon learning of a terminal illness a shy woman (queen latifah ) decides to sell off all her possessions and live it up at a posh european hotel .
little red riding hood the wolf the woodsman and granny all tell the police the events that lead up to their encounter .
a war has been raging between the vampires and lycan for centuries selene (beckinsale) is a death dealer assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the lycan . when she comes across michael corvin (speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie .
the american senate in order to improve it 's fast declining global image asks comedian albert brooks to write a page document about what makes muslims laugh in india and pakistan . bidding adieu to his wife and young daughterand accompanied by two government bureaucrats albert opens up an office in new delhi hires a pretty secretary maya and goes around asking people at random as to what makes them laugh . he finds that people generally look at him suspiciously and refuse to answer any questions . he then decides to go public and stage a comedy show the suggested place for the publicity is old delhi . accordingly the four re -locate book a school auditorium to seat about people go around the city distributing leaflets inviting the general public to attend the show . they get a houseful response however albert 's comedy act fails to impress . he then decides to try his hand in pakistan only to be told that he cannot get a visa for another days . he decides to enter pakistan illegally and meets some wannabe comedians guarded by armed men in a secret location near the border . although he does get to their funny bones albert does not get any answers and returns back to delhi crestfallen . to make matters worse maya informs him that she has enough material to write about pages . quite unknown to albert his presence in india and his underground trip to pakistan have not gone unnoticed by both the indian and pakistani governments both of who plan to increase their troop presence near the volatile border area ; and to create more complications for albert maya tells him that she wants to break up with his boyfriend . she wants to him to leave and thinks that he may do so if told that she is fallen for albert . then things start looking up for albert when he is invited by the al -jazeera television for an interview . watch as events unfold and a hopeful albert attends this meeting with many hopes of entering the muslim world through this popular tv network .
a wounded criminal and his dying partner take refuge at a beachfront castle . the owners of the castle a meek englishman and his willful french wife are initially the unwilling hosts to the criminals . quickly however the relationships between the criminal the wife and the englishman begin to shift in humorous and bizarre fashion .
in a village of fishermen in japan takata misses his son kenichi to whom he has been estranged for many years . when his daughter -in-law rie tells him that kenichi is sick in the hospital she suggests takata to come to tokyo to visit his son in the hospital where he would have the chance to retie the relationship . however kenichi refuses to receive his father in his room and rie gives a videotape to takata to know about the work of his son . once at home takata sees a documentary in the remote village lijiang in the province of younnan about the passion of kenichi the chinese opera where the lead singer li jiamin promises to sing an important folk opera on the next year . when rie calls takata to tell that her husband has a terminal liver cancer takata decides to travel to lijiang to shoot li jiamin singing the opera to give to kenichi .
in late century hong kong the british may rule the land but the pirates rule the waters . reluctantly the coast guard is given money to fight these pirates but the pirates themselves have many contacts (that is bribed officials ) in the government and seek to thwart the coast guard 's efforts to eliminate them . one coast guard officer is dragon ma who is determined that his beloved coast guard will not be made fools of .
in manhattan -year-old gabe finds his first love when he meets his former kindergarten mate eleven -year-old rosemary in his karate classes . confused with his new feelings and with the divorce process of his beloved parents leslie and adam he experiences the delightful unknown sensation of being in love for the first time .
a group of bored teenagers rebel against authority in the community of new granada after the death of one of their own .
mariano is a psychologist who must fulfill community service after losing a lawsuit by a traffic accident . he is forced to provide therapeutic support to alfredo a policeman depressed over his wife cheating on him . mariano is then accidentally involved in a double homicide investigation being conducted by alfredo .
a thesis picture . in gandhi 's party is making inroads in women 's rights . chuyia a child already married but living with her parents becomes a widow . by tradition she is unceremoniously left at a bare and impoverished widows ' ashram beside the ganges during monsoon season . the ashram 's leader pimps out kalyani a young and beautiful widow for household funds . narayan a follower of gandhi falls in love with her . can she break with tradition and religious teaching to marry him ? the ashram 's moral center is shakuntala deeply religious but conflicted about her fate . can she protect kalyani or chuyia ? amid all this water is rebirth possible or does tradition drown all ?
beverly and claire are two sisters who try to push through their parents ' farm with the help of her husband her boyfriend and a cowboy . but the bank did not stop pressuring and threatening to keep the ranch even before the harvest arrives . among many problems charlene comes for a few days a friend of beverly from the city and unaccustomed to the field . financial stress and charlene 's arrival will trigger feelings and hidden passions than anyone suspected temptations in the heat of the sun will be impossible to control ... but charlene may also be the solution to their problems .
a dramatization of the final days of sophie scholl one of the most famous members of the german world war ii anti -nazi resistance movement the white rose .
a ski jumper descends from winning olympic gold medals to serving two years for stabbing a relative . careers as a stripper and singer plus five marriages replete with allegations of domestic violence are fictionalized sympathetically in this dramedy . alleged exploitation /manipulation of matti due to his naivety and gullibility along with deterioration of his skiing ability due to heavy drinking and bad decisions is emphasized . many matti malapropisms a la yogi berra attributed to the finnish skiing legend are employed as biopic comic dialogue .
for years in invercargill at the south end of new zealand burt munro has been working on increasing the speed of his motorcycle a indian . he dreams of taking it to the bonneville salt flats to see how fast it will go . by the early heart disease threatens his life so he mortgages his house and takes a boat to los angeles buys an old car builds a makeshift trailer gets the indian through customs and heads for utah . along the way people he meets are charmed by his open direct friendliness . if he makes it to bonneville will they let an old guy on the flats with makeshift tires no brakes and no chute ? and will the indian actually respond ?
in a new york bank wants to put a railroad across mexico so it buys up small banks around santa rita durango and evicts farmers on the proposed rail line who owe money . the bank 's henchman is the murderous jackson . he runs afoul of two women mara the tough but uneducated daughter of a farmer and sara the european -educated daughter of the owner of one of these banks . to feed the now landless people and to seek revenge mara and sara become bank robbers veritable robin hoods . but jackson and his hired guns are after them . what are the women 's options ?
jake huard from a shipbuilders family promised his dying mother he 'd make it to annapolis naval academy . thanks to tenaciously bugging a congressman he 's selected despite dubious grades . once inside jake soon proves sub -standard academically . constantly challenged to his limits repeatedly made the 'over-cocky' reason for the entire class to suffer jake nearly quits but after facing his utterly unsupportive father 's gloating returns just in time . stubborn jake finds support with mates as well as ali his lover -to-be and a discipline he may excel in : the 'brigade' boxing tournament open to all ranks .
an fbi agent reprises his disguise as a corpulent old lady and takes a job as a nanny in a crime suspect 's house .
mr . cedric brown has just lost his wife and is now left with his seven children who misbehave so much that all the nannies have run away . now he is told by a mysterious voice that he should get nanny mcphee who is a magical woman with special powers .
conrad birdie is the biggest rock & roll star of the 's ever to be drafted . aspiring chemist and song writer albert is convinced he can make his fortune and marry his girlfriend rosie if he gets conrad on the ed sullivan show to kiss a high school girl goodbye . albert 's mother will do anything to break him up with rosie . kim and hugo the high school steadies live in sweet apple ohio where most of the action takes place .
in this third installment of the final destination series a student 's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few but not from death itself which seeks out those who escaped their fate .
a jealous girlfriend threatens the friendship of two business partners .
rachel and heck long time friends and lovers finally tie the knot and during the celebration rachel starts a friendship with their florist luce . and while rachel originally intended to match her new friend luce up with her husband 's friend cooper she soon finds out that luce is a lesbian . during the course of their friendship rachel starts to question her own sexuality . and though she comes to realize she may have feelings for her new friend rachel must decide who she will ultimately find the most happiness with : heck her new husband who is also adored by her family or luce who has turned her life and everything she thought she knew about love upside down .
a faithful rendition of h .p. lovecraft 's short story presented in the style of a silent film from the . while organizing the affairs of his late uncle a man accidentally stumbles across a series of clues toward an ancient horror lurking beneath the sea waiting for the time when the "stars are right " and it shall be free to wreck havoc upon mankind . in his investigation he learns of an artist influenced by strange dreams a police officer discovering an ancient cult worshiping "great cthulhu " and ultimately a tale of sailors encountering sanity -shattering horror as they discover cthulhu himself .
the potter family has just moved to a rented apartment in san francisco . harry potter sr . and his wife anne are bringing the packages to the apartment and their son harry jr . and their little daughter wendy anne stays on the sidewalk . wendy goes to the laundry room she meets the wicked troll torok that uses his magic ring to possess wendy and to use her form to transform the dwellers and their apartment into other trolls and his kingdom . harry jr . feels that something is wrong with his sister and seeks out help with the good witch eunice st . clair that lives in the building .
the man with the yellow hat named ted shackleford works at a natural history museum that 's fallen on hard times . the museum director 's son wants to turn it into a parking lot but ted offers to bring back a mysterious idol from africa that 's guaranteed to pull in crowds . unfortunately the idol turns out to be three inches tall . but ted accidentally brings back a lonely yet irrepressible monkey soon dubbed george . they set off on a non -stop action fun -filled journey through the wonders of the big city toward the warmth of true friendship .
a security specialist is forced into robbing the bank that he 's protecting as a bid to pay off his family 's ransom .
due to his western name tony was shunned by other kids and spent a solitary childhood . though gifted as an artist his drawings lacked feeling so as an adult he carved a career as a technical illustrator . then in middle age tony suddenly falls for a pretty young woman eiko konuma who visits him one day on business . eiko is like an angel in tony 's daily existence and for the first time in his life he feels connected to the outside world . however eiko does have one fault : she 's a clothing shopaholic . confusion also begins to develop when it appears that eiko has a double .
during a babysitting gig a high -school student is harassed by an increasingly threatening prank caller .
in new york the drug -addicted syd is consumed by drink and drugs - missing his girlfriend london who broke up with him six months ago after a two -year relationship . when syd finds that london 's friends throw a going away party for her he decides to go to the party without an invitation . but first he meets the banker and drug -dealer bateman in a bar to buy coke and he invites his new acquaintance to go to the party with him . while locked in the bathroom with bateman snorting coke and drinking booze syd recalls moments of his relationship with london inclusive that he had never said "i love you " to his girlfriend despite her countless requests . bateman also "open his heart " under the influence of cocaine and tells his impotence problem to syd ; in the end he convinces syd to talk to london .
a film shot over during a two -night performance by neil young at nashville 's ryman auditorium .
in the antarctic after an expedition with dr . davis mcclaren the sled dog trainer jerry shepherd has to leave the polar base with his colleagues due to the proximity of a heavy snow storm . he ties his dogs to be rescued after but the mission is called -off and the dogs are left alone at their own fortune . for six months jerry tries to find a sponsor for a rescue mission while his dogs fight for survival .
spoof of romantic comedies which focuses on a man his crush his parents and her father .
a low -ranking thug is entrusted by his crime boss to dispose of a gun that killed corrupt cops but things get out of control when the gun ends up in wrong hands .
set in the late century a subculture of humans have emerged who have been modified genetically by a vampire -like disease giving them enhanced speed incredible stamina and acute intelligence and as they are set apart from "normal" and "healthy" humans the world is pushed to the brink of worldwide civil war aimed at the destruction of the "diseased" population . in the middle of this crossed -fire is - an infected beautiful woman - ultraviolet who finds herself protecting a nine -year-old boy who has been marked for death by the human government as he is believed to be a threat to humans .
in manhattan ashley albright is a lucky woman and very successful in the agency where she works . the clumsy jake hardin is an unlucky aspirant manager of the rock band mcfly who is unsuccessfully trying to contact the entrepreneur damon phillips to promote his band . when ashley meets jake in a masquerade party they kiss each other swapping her fortune with his bad luck .
the hacker josh invades the computer of douglas ziegler who is developing a powerful wireless signal and accidentally releases a mysterious force that takes the will to live of human beings generating a suicide epidemic and increasing the force . his girlfriend and student of psychology mattie sees each one of their common friends die and the destruction of the modern world and together with her new acquaintance dexter they try to plan a virus developed by josh in the network to shutdown the system and save mankind .
jack mosley a burnt -out detective is assigned the unenviable task of transporting a fast -talking convict from jail to a courthouse blocks away . however along the way he learns that the man is supposed to testify against mosley 's colleagues and the entire nypd wants him dead . mosley must choose between loyalty to his colleagues and protecting the witness and never has such a short distance seemed so long ...
a thirty -something is still living at home until his parents hire an interventionist to help him graduate out of the house . that 's when the fun begins .
this game is a spin -off of the film ice age : the meltdown and seen through the eyes of scrat the saber -toothed squirrel . scrat is making his way to finding more and more acorns and assorted nuts as he like all of the megafauna of the ice age makes it to safety from the oncoming flood . as he makes it through he must find nuts by solving puzzles helping out other animals in their pursuits and generically risking his life by occasionally fighting some rogue animals which wish to do him harm . as he moves along he usually has a run -in or two with manny sid diego the possum brothers ellie cholly or some other animals which help him out in his pursuits .
karen a young woman from the baltic countries marries fisherman antonio to escape from a prisoners camp . but the life in antonio 's village stromboli threatened by the volcano is a tough one and karen cannot get used to it .
in a future british tyranny a shadowy freedom fighter known only by the alias of "v" plots to overthrow it with the help of a young woman .
when her brother decides to ditch for a couple weeks in london viola heads over to his elite boarding school disguises herself as him and proceeds to fall for one of her soccer teammates . little does she realize she 's not the only one with romantic troubles as she as he gets in the middle of a series of intermingled love affairs .
the chief spokesperson and lobbyist nick naylor is the vice -president of the academy of tobacco studies . he is talented in speaking and spins argument to defend the cigarette industry in the most difficult situations . his best friends are polly bailey that works in the moderation council in alcohol business and bobby jay bliss of the gun business own advisory group safety . they frequently meet each other in a bar and they self -entitle the mod squad a .k.a. merchants of death disputing which industry has killed more people . nick 's greatest enemy is vermont 's senator ortolan finistirre who defends in the senate the use a skull and crossed bones in the cigarette packs . nick 's son joey naylor lives with his mother and has the chance to know his father in a business trip . when the ambitious reporter heather holloway betrays nick disclosing confidences he had in bed with her his life turns upside -down. but nick is good in what he does for the mortgage .
the mobster jackie dinorscio is shot by his own cousin at home while in probation but survives . later he is arrested dealing drugs and sentenced to thirty years in prison . the prosecutor sean kierney proposes a deal to jackie immediately releasing him if he testifies against the lucchese family and other mafia families but jackie does not accept to rat his friends that he loves . when the trial begins he asks the judge finestein to defend himself without the assistance of a lawyer .
from a cell a man tells us he has planned the perfect bank robbery ; he invites us to watch . an efficient gang enters a manhattan bank locks the doors and takes hostages . they work deliberately without haste . detective frazier is assigned to negotiate but half his mind is occupied with the corruption charges he is facing . the bank 's president has something to protect in a safe deposit box so he brings in madeleine white a high -power broker with a hidden agenda . with an army of police surrounding the bank the thief the cop and the plutocrat 's fixer enter high -stakes negotiations . why are the robbers asking for a plane if they are so competent and they know they won 't get one ? why aren 't they in more of a hurry ? if the job 's perfect why is the thieves ' leader in a cell ?
in johannesburg a small time criminal tsotsi is a teenager without feelings hardened by his tough life . after a series of violent gang hits tsotsi hijacks a car . however whilst driving tsotsi finds that there is a baby on the back seat . he brings the baby to his house in the slum . the next six days bring about a change in him that couldn 't be foreseen .
two teenage girls discover a mermaid in their beach club 's swimming pool .
he 's been in the country side he 's been downtown he 's been to las vegas he 's even been in space now that evil leprechaun is in da hood ! three young rap artists are looking for a break . they need money to buy some music equipment so they can go to las vegas and enter a contest . they meet up with a local pimp named mack daddy who agrees to "hook them up " but later declines . the rappers want to get even with him so one night they break into mack 's place and steal a lot of his jewelry gold and even the medallion from an ugly looking statue . shouldn 't have done that ! because without the medallion the statue transforms into the leprechaun who goes on a killing spree looking for his missing gold once again ! and the song says it all "there's nothing ' scarier than a lep ' in the hood !"
koistenin is a sad sack a man without affect or friends . he 's a night -watchman in helsinki with ideas of starting his own business but nothing to go with those intentions . he sometimes talks a bit with a woman who runs a snack trailer near his work . out of the blue a young sophisticated blonde woman attaches herself to koistenin . he thinks of her as his girlfriend he takes her on her rounds . she 's in league with a crook who 's planning a jewel robbery and koistenin is their patsy . will he ever wise up ?
the war between luxembourg and finland sets the outline to a set of comedic stories about a rally team gay couple 's fishing trip two hoodlums ' last school days in the spring and a haunted hotel among others .
wes craven produces this remake of his classic of the same name about the carters an idyllic american family travelling through the great american southwest . but their trip takes a detour into an area closed off from the public but more importantly from society . an area originally used by the u .s. government for nuclear testing that was intended to be empty ...or so they thought ? when the carter 's car breaks down at the old site they 're stranded ...or are they ? as the carters may soon realize that what seemed like a car casually breaking down might actually be a trap . this trap might be perpetrated by the inhabitants of the site who aren 't pulling a prank but are out to set up a gruesome massacre .
despite its nearly four -hour running time this is a uniquely personal look at movies from one of the late century 's great directors and film historians . the film consists of head & shoulder shots of scorsese speaking into the camera for a minute or two followed by minutes of film clips with scorsese voice -over. scorsese approaches the films in terms of how they affected him as a director foremost and as a storyteller /film fan second . segments include "the director as smuggler " "the director as iconoclast " and so on . the journey begins with silent masters like d .w. griffith and ends in - when scorsese began to make films ; as he says in closing "i wouldn 't feel right commenting on myself or my contemporaries ."
just imagine waking up tomorrow with no memory of today or any other since the day of your birth . imagine living without a history without experience no relationships no past troubles . imagine starting your life over again making a new set of friends finding new talents and falling in love for the first time . imagine what it 's like to see the world anew . on the july doug bruce left his apartment on the lower east side at about . no one knew where he was going . no one knew he 'd gone . he turned up hours later on the new york subway heading to coney island . he had no idea who he was . unknown white male is the startling story of a man who for no apparent reason lost years of life history who lost every memory of his friends his family and every experience he had ever known . this true story follows doug in the hours and months following his amnesia as he tries to pierce his life back together and has to discover the world anew . the film dramatically reconstructs those first terrifying hours in coney island as doug wandered around disoriented before asking the police for help and being sent to coney island hospital psychiatric ward where he was given an identity wrist tag reading 'unknown white male '. doug had nothing to identify him and whilst he discovered after a few hours that he was able to sign his name no one could read his signature and reveal his name . unable to leave until someone could identify him all attention turned to the single phone number in his possession . the woman on the other end eva didn 't recognize him . finally eva sent her daughter nadine to investigate . nadine recognized the man she had recently become friends with douglas bruce a good looking english year old wealthy ex -stockbroker and photography student . she took him home . the film recounts the next crazy few weeks as doug tried to reconstruct some kind of life ; re -learning the streets around his apartment re -meeting his family re -learning the history of the world and what it feels like to swim in the ocean . it 's an overwhelming voyage of discovery as doug discovers art music movies the taste of every kind of different food and much of it was filmed by doug himself who started recording his re -entry into the world just one week after the amnesia . doctors were unable to find any physical basis for the amnesia and over the following months we follow doug as he returns to his photography school where his tutor believes his work has greatly improved . he falls in love with a girl he has just met and slowly re -meets old friends including director rupert murray who filmed their first meeting even though he has known doug for over years . will they still like one another ? together they travel back to london for a reunion with doug 's oldest friends . one year after the amnesia and his friends in london offer him a toast to his first birthday . everyone seems sure that doug has changed since the amnesia . many people prefer the new doug find him more sincere and reflective but others miss the old doug 's edge and cynicism . yet for the first year and a half doug didn 't want his memory or his old self back . he was happy with his new life believed it was possible to live without a past and simply looked forward to his future . but in the last few months all this has begun to change as the full implications of his loss have begun to resonate in his life and doug has started to question who he really is .
gerd wiesler is an officer with the stasi the east german secret police . the film begins in when wiesler attends a play written by georg dreyman who is considered by many to be the ultimate example of the loyal citizen . wiesler has a gut feeling that dreyman can 't be as ideal as he seems and believes surveillance is called for . the minister of culture agrees but only later does wiesler learn that the minister sees dreyman as a rival and lusts after his partner christa -maria. the more time he spends listening in on them the more he comes to care about them . the once rigid stasi officer begins to intervene in their lives in a positive way protecting them whenever possible . eventually wiesler activities catch up to him and while there is no proof of wrongdoing he finds himself in menial jobs - until the unbelievable happens .
documents one year in the life of nanook an eskimo (inuit) and his family . describes the trading hunting fishing and migrations of a group barely touched by industrial technology . nanook of the north was widely shown and praised as the first full -length anthropological documentary in cinematographic history .
joe shishido plays a tough guy with a secret agenda . his violent behavior comes to the attention of a yakuza boss who immediately recruits him . he soon tries to make a deal with a rival gang a starts a gang war . his real motivations are gradually revealed as we find out how this all ties in with the murder of a policeman shown at the beginning of the film .
in new york the polite dance instructor pierre dulaine sees a black teenager vandalizing the car of the director of a public school and on the next day he volunteers to teach dance to students to give respect dignity self -confidence trust and teamwork . the reluctant director augustine james offers the troublemakers that are in detention expecting pierre to give -up of his intentions . pierre struggles against the prejudice and ignorance of the students parents and other teachers but wins his battle when the group accepts to compete in a ballroom dance contest .
daniel johnston manic -depressive genius singer /songwriter/artist is revealed in this portrait of madness creativity and love .
in an airport waiting room a man in a wheelchair tells a stranger a story about a fixed horse race in that resulted in a family 's deaths . in manhattan two bookies and the son of a mob boss die . a young man just out of the shower answers the door to a neighbor woman and explains that he 's visiting has had a bad week including being mugged and doesn 't know where his pal who lives there is . the neighbor is chatty ; she 's a coroner . two thugs arrive and believing the visitor to be the guy who lives there take him to see the boss with the dead son who tells him to kill the son of his mob rival . mistaken identity ? what connects the threads ? cops are watching .
a portrait of the late documentarian david maysles by his daughter celia .
raimunda her daughter paula and her sister sole travel from madrid to the windy and superstitious village of alcanfor de las infantas to visit the grave of their mother irene who died years ago in a fire with her husband . then they visit irene 's sister paula an old senile aunt that raised raimunda after the death of her parents that insists to tell them that irene is alive and living with her ; later they go to the house of her neighbor and friend agustina who gives a support to paula . they return to madrid and after a hard day of work raimunda meets her daughter completely distraught at the bus stop waiting for her . when they arrive home paula tells her mother that she killed her unemployed father paco who was completely drunk and tried to rape her . while raimunda hides his body sole calls her to tell that their beloved aunt paula has died . the next morning sole travels alone to the funeral and when she returns to madrid she finds her mother hidden in the trunk of her car . she brings irene to her apartment where secrets from the past are disclosed .
a young girl from south los angeles tries to make it to the national spelling bee .
for a group of teens the answer to the mysterious death of their old friend lies within the world of an online video game based on the true story of an ancient noblewoman known as the blood countess .
novelist catherine tramell is once again in trouble with the law and scotland yard appoints psychiatrist dr . michael glass to evaluate her . though like detective nick curran before him glass is entranced by tramell and lured into a seductive game .
the lonely teenager brendan finds his former girlfriend emily dead in the entrance of a tunnel of sewage and recalls her phone call two days ago when she said to him that she was in trouble . brendan who still loved emily met bad elements of his high -school trying to contact her and when he succeeded she told him that she was ok . he hides her body in the tunnel and decides to investigate the meaning and connection of four words including "brick" and "pin" that emily told him to find who killed her . using the support of his nerd friend brain he successively meets the small time drug dealers kara dode brad bramish laura and tugger to reach the teenager powerful drug dealer the pin . slowly brendan unravels the motives why emily was killed and plots a revenge .
kirby dick 's expos about the american movie ratings board .
in this blend of the b movie classic the blob and some romero 's zombies film a meteorite collides in a small town . grant finds it and is infected by a parasite worm which installs in his brain and causes him a creepy transformation into a monster . starla his wife and bill a policeman will try to stop him and the plague of worms generated by the creature .
a trio of guys try and make up for missed opportunities in childhood by forming a three -player baseball team to compete against standard children baseball squads .
in paris is a labyrinth where all movement is monitored and recorded . casting a shadow over everything is the city 's largest company avalon which insinuates itself into every aspect of contemporary life to sell its primary export -- youth and beauty . in this world of stark contrasts and rigid laws the populace is kept in line and accounted for .
four women friends : three are wealthy and married plus there 's olivia a former teacher who 's now a maid . the marriages are in various states of health : franny and matt are happy and very rich . christine and david write screenplays together are remodeling their house and argue . jane is angry all the time and aaron who 's an attentive husband strikes everyone as gay . franny sets up olivia with a friend of hers mike a personal trainer and olivia takes him with her to a couple of housecleaning jobs . a benefit dinner for als an awkward guy named marty whose place olivia cleans and a french maid 's outfit figure in the story . is there more to life than its problems ?
a ventriloquist is at the mercy of his vicious dummy while he tries to renew a romance with his high school sweetheart .
cindy finds out the house she lives in is haunted by a little boy and goes on a quest to find out who killed him and why . also alien "tr-ipods" are invading the world and she has to uncover the secret in order to stop them .
a teenage girl raids a man 's home in order to expose him under suspicion that he is a sex offender with pedophilia .
a small group of french students are studying mao trying to find out their position in the world and how to change the world to a maoistic community using terrorism .
a final live variety show broadcast via radio becomes a metaphor for the natural order of life . a concept and script by garrison keilor uses every natural and technical element of working with a tight and close ensemble producing a weekly show to sooth us and guide us through the natural but difficult transitions of aging becoming less relevant and then dying as new young life develops and strengthens during our final "performances." this is a rare film for it 's remarkable cast and crew and one wonders how the great robert altman was able to gather them all at the same place and time to shoot this film .
a woman rose goes in search for her adopted daughter within the confines of a strange desolate town called silent hill .
the movie 's plot is based on the true story of a group of young computer hackers from hannover germany . in the late the orphaned karl koch invests his heritage in a flat and a home ...
a crooked politician finds himself being accused of murder by a gangster from whom he refused help during a re -election campaign .
detective jack valentine is reinstated from his desk job to go back onto the streets . his first assignment ends with the death of a mobster who was about to turn states evidence . the killing came as the mobster was with his girlfriend alma . jack suspects alma of being involved - even more so when he finds her involved with one of the mob family michael . however he begins to fall for her himself and finds himself involved in the deadly game where not everything is what it seems .
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
the executive bob munro is stressed feeling threatened of losing his job and his lifestyle since his abusive boss todd mallory hired the stanford 's geek laird to work in their soda 's company . bob has promised his wife jamie munro his teenage daughter cassie munro and his young son carl munro to spend vacations in hawaii but todd demands him to prepare a presentation and attend a business meeting with the owners of a family company in a merging operation scheduled in the same period . bob hides the truth to his family rents a recreational vehicle and tries to convince his dysfunctional family that a road trip to the colorado rocky mountains would be good to bring old values back to their family . after many incidents and while in the trailers parking area the rookie bob is helped by the bizarre but friendly gornicke family . they escape from the gornickes and initiate a journey of difficulties and leaning retrieving their forgotten family bonds .
a real -time account of the events on united flight one of the planes hijacked on september that crashed near shanksville pennsylvania when passengers foiled the terrorist plot .
after a run -in with the law haley graham (missy peregrym ) is forced to return to the world from which she fled some years ago . enrolled in an elite gymnastics program run by the legendary burt vickerman (jeff bridges ) haley 's rebellious attitude gives way to something that just might be called team spirit .
set in the present -day san fernando valley the project revolves around a delusional man who believes he 's a cowboy and the relationship that he starts with a rebellious young woman .
rj a raccoon who needs food accidentally takes food from a hungry bear named vincent and he wants his food to be found in exactly the same place in a week . he finally finds that an animal family with a tortoise named verne as their leader could help him restore the food from the suburbia the gateway to the good life . but little does rj know there is an exterminator trying to hunt down him and his friends .
jerome a kid from the suburbs who loves to draw goes to new york city 's strathmore college for his freshman year as a drawing major . competition and petty jealousy consume faculty and students with an end -of-first-semester best -student award held out as a grand plum . worse a strangler is on the loose killing people on or next to campus . the idealistic jerome falls in love with audrey a student who models for life -drawing classes and who responds to his sweetness . but he has a rival : the clean -cut manly jonah also a first -year drawing student whose primitive work draws raves and audrey 's attention . as cynicism seems to corrode everything jerome is desperate to win .
it is new year 's eve and over passengers & crew are ringing in the new year aboard the huge cruise ship 'poseidon' when it capsizes on the open sea in the middle of the north atlantic ocean ! a small group of survivors find themselves unlikely allies in a battle for their lives . preferring to test the odds alone career gambler dylan johns ignores captain 's orders to wait below for possible rescue and sets out to find his own way to safety . what begins as a solo mission soon draws others as dylan is followed by a desperate father searching for his daughter and her fiance --a young couple who hours before couldn 't summon the courage to tell him they were engaged and now face much graver challenges . along the way they are joined by a single mother and her wise -beyond-his-years son an anxious stowaway and a despondent fellow passenger who boarded the ship not sure he wanted to live but now knows he doesn 't want to die . determined to fight their way to the surface the group sets off through the disorienting maze of twisted steel in the upside -down wreckage . as the unstable vessel rapidly fills with water each must draw on skills and strengths they didn 't even know they possessed fighting against time for their own survival and for each other .
professor robert langdon is in paris on business when he 's summoned to the louvre . a dead body has been found setting langdon off on an adventure as he attempts to unravel an ancient code and uncover the greatest mystery of all time .
in a world where both mutants and humans fear each other marie better known as rogue runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant known as logan a .k.a. wolverine . charles xavier who owns a school for young mutants sends storm and cyclops to bring them back before it is too late . magneto who believes a war is approaching has an evil plan in mind and needs young rogue to help him .
while traveling to california for the dispute of the final race of the piston cup against the king and chick hicks the famous lightning mcqueen accidentally damages the road of the small town radiator springs and is sentenced to repair it . lightning mcqueen has to work hard and finds friendship and love in the simple locals changing its values during his stay in the small town and becoming a true winner .
instead of adhering to the norms of their south central neighborhood a group of skater boys opt to bus into hollywood and beverly hills where they attract local rich girls - and plenty of trouble with the police jealous boyfriends and nervous parents .
a seemingly ordinary day ends up changing the lives of three youngsters : beem dan and big who work in a magazine art department . ending this particular day with a quarrel each storms ...
berated all his life by those around him a monk follows his dream and dons a mask to moonlight as a luchador (mexican wrestler ).
a group of women find themselves in a life and death situation after they accept an offer too good to be true from a charismatic stranger .
michael newman (sandler) is a hard working family man who must please his boss (hasselhoff) in order to get promoted . problem is he gets less time with his family and wishes for a remote in which he can control his life . this soon comes true for newman when he meets morty (walken) a crazy sales clerk who has the ultimate remote . a remote in which he can do anything including muting skipping and dubbing his life . he finds this to be the opportunity in which he can not only skip every argument but also skip to his promotion . he sees this as a good idea until the remote goes horribly wrong .
when her older sister jacqueline disappears mary gibson is forced to leave her private school and decides to travel to new york city to look for her . a bit naive and out of her depth she is not quite sure how to go about finding her . eventually she meets gregory ward her sister 's husband and a mysterious psychiatrist dr . louis judd who claims to know of jacqueline 's whereabouts . what she doesn 't realize is that her sister became involved with devil worshipers who now want to eliminate her for having revealed their existence .
a smart but sensible new graduate lands a job as an assistant to miranda priestly the demanding editor -in-chief of a high fashion magazine .
i don 't know but keira knightley is a narrator and she is awesome .
the true story of frank abagnale jr . who before his birthday successfully conned millions of dollars ' worth of checks as a pan am pilot doctor and legal prosecutor .
a calamity at dante and randall 's shops sends them looking for new horizons - but they ultimately settle at mooby 's a fictional fast -food restaurant . free from his dead -end job (and lodged in a new one ) dante begins to break free of his rut planning to move away with his clingy fianc . dante is ready to leave the horrors of minimum -wage new jersey behind but randal - always the more hostile of the two - starts to become overwhelmed by his own rancor .
apartment building superintendent cleveland heep rescues what he thinks is a young woman from the pool he maintains . when he discovers that she is actually a character from a bedtime story who is trying to make the journey back to her home he works with his tenants to protect his new friend from the creatures that are determined to keep her in our world .
in new york when the shy and lonely project manager of a design firm matt saunders meets jenny johnson in the subway he invites her to date and have dinner with him . jenny immediately falls in love for him they have sex and she discloses her true identity to him telling that she is the powerful superhero g -girl. after meeting his co -worker and friend hannah lewis the needy jenny becomes jealous controlling and manipulative and matt follows the advice of his best friend vaughn haige and dumps her breaking her heart . jenny turns matt 's life into hell while he has a romance with hannah . however the archenemy of g -girl and former high school sweetheart of jenny professor bedlam proposes matt to lure jenny to strip her superpowers .
the filmed account of the beatles 's attempt to recapture their old group spirit by making a back to basics album which instead drove them further apart .
the retelling of france 's iconic but ill -fated queen marie antoinette . from her betrothal and marriage to louis xvi at to her reign as queen at and to the end of her reign as queen and ultimately the fall of versailles .
a documentary that investigates the birth and death of the electric car as well as the role of renewable energy and sustainable living in the future .
in paris the pedantic alexandre lives with his mate marie in her apartment an open relationship . alexandre who is idle and chauvinist spends his days reading drinking and shagging ...
a documentary on the threat that climate change poses to the earth - it 's causes effects and history and potential solutions to it . presented by al gore through a lecture that he has given to audiences across the globe plus through more introspective moments .
josie the daughter of the town 's wealthiest businessman faces problems at home and wishes to leave home but is disorientated . her decision is finalized after she falls asleep in a target dressing room and awakes to find that she is locked in the store overnight with the janitor jim the town "no hoper " and liar . a decision to go to l .a. is established but first they must get through the night . a relationship develops only to be interrupted by a break in by two petty criminals .
st . louis . for chuck berry 's keith richards assembles a pickup band of robert cray joey spampinato eric clapton himself and long -time berry pianist johnnie johnson . joined on stage by etta james linda ronstadt and julian lennon berry performs his classic rock songs . his abilities as a composer lyricist singer musician and entertainer are on display and in behind -the-scenes interviews are discussed by bo diddley little richard jerry lee lewis bruce springstein the everly brothers roy orbison and others . there 's even a rarity for berry a rehearsal . archival footage from the early and a duet with john lennon round out this portrait of a master .
troy and gabriella - two teens who are worlds apart - meet at a karaoke contest and discover their mutual love for music .
an in -depth conversation with superstar jet li on his personal philosophy and the making of his final wuxia film .
los angeles street racer dominic toretto falls under the suspicion of the lapd as a string of high -speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area . brian o 'connor an officer of the lapd joins the ranks of toretto 's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict toretto . however o 'connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with toretto 's sister mia . as a rival racing crew gains strength o 'connor must decide where his loyalty really lies .
a two -segment look at the effect of the military mindset and war itself on vietnam era marines . the first half follows a group of recruits in boot camp under the command of the punishing gunnery sergeant hartman . the second half shows one of those recruits joker covering the war as a correspondent for stars and stripes focusing on the tet offensive .
following a mysterious absence of several years the man of steel comes back to earth in the epic action -adventure superman returns a soaring new chapter in the saga of one of the world 's most beloved superheroes . while an old enemy plots to render him powerless once and for all superman faces the heartbreaking realization that the woman he loves lois lane has moved on with her life . or has she ? superman 's bittersweet return challenges him to bridge the distance between them while finding a place in a society that has learned to survive without him . in an attempt to protect the world he loves from cataclysmic destruction superman embarks on an epic journey of redemption that takes him from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of outer space .
in this derek jarman version of christopher marlowe 's elizabethan drama in modern costumes and settings plantagenet king edward ii hands the power -craving nobility the perfect excuse by taking as lover besides his diplomatic wife the french princess isabel not an acceptable lady at court but the ambitious piers gaveston who uses his favor in bed even to wield political influence - the stage is set for a palace revolt which sends the gay pair from the throne to a terminal torture dungeon .
part drama part documentary the road to guantnamo focuses on the tipton three a trio of british muslims who were held in guantanamo bay for two years until they were released without charge .
a documentary on the legendary singer -songwriter with performances by those musicians he has influenced .
in ohio priscilla chase is the vp of a company that works bringing new business to cleveland . she has been married for more than ten years with jack chase the biology teacher from the local public school . priscilla is successful in her career but is frigid and has never reached an orgasm hurting her frustrated husband . when priscilla decides to buy a vibrator jack is seduced by his teenage student kristen taylor and recovers his self -esteem working out losing weight and dressing adequately . priscilla has new sexual experiences and becomes closer to wayne the pool guy the constructor of swimming pools in her neighborhood since she was a child . the new relationships upgrade the personal and professional lives of priscilla and jack .
a family determined to get their young daughter into the finals of a beauty pageant take a cross -country trip in their vw bus .
interlocking stories all connected by a single gun all converge at the end and reveal a complex and tragic story of the lives of humanity around the world and how we truly aren 't all that different . in morocco a troubled married couple are on vacation trying to work out their differences . meanwhile a moroccan herder buys a rifle for his sons so they can keep the jackals away from his herd . a girl in japan dealing with rejection the death of her mother the emotional distance of her father her own self -consciousness and a disability among many other issues deals with modern life in the enormous metropolis of tokyo japan . then on the opposite side of the world the married couple 's mexican nanny takes the couple 's children with her to her son 's wedding in mexico only to come into trouble on the return trip . combined it provides a powerful story and an equally powerful looking glass into the lives of seemingly random people around the world and it shows just how connected we really are .
a prequel to the critically acclaimed series featuring jerri blank a -year-old ex -junkie ex -con who returns to high school in a bid to start her life over .
a documentary that focuses on the world of crossword puzzles : those that construct them those that love to solve them those that compete in the annual crossword competition in stamford and also on will shortz the editor of the new york times crossword since the early . shortz actually has a university degree in games and organized the first crossword championship in . some of the contributors to the times puzzle explain how they go about building them while some aficionados including former president bill clinton and comedian jon stewart talk about their love of solving them . the film also introduces several past champions and near champions competing in the tournament and it takes you from the preliminary rounds to the final where the top three contestants compete in front of a room full of admiring contestants .
france during the occupation . philippe gerbier a civil engineer is one of the french resistance 's chiefs . given away by a traitor he is interned in a camp . he manages to escape and joins his network at marseilles where he makes the traitor be executed ... this non -spectacular movie (do not expect any rambo or robin hood ) shows us rigorously and austerely the everyday of the french resistants : their solitude their fears their relationships the arrests the forwarding of orders and their carrying out ... both writer joseph kessel and co -writer and director jean -pierre melville belonged to this "army in the shadows ".
end of the spear is the story of mincayani a waodani tribesman from the jungles of ecuador . when five young missionaries among them jim elliot and nate saint are speared to death by the waodani in a series of events unfold to change the lives of not only the slain missionaries ' families but also mincayani and his people .
three teens discover that their neighbor 's house is really a living breathing scary monster .
while practicing motocross in hawaii sean jones witnesses the brutal murder of an important american prosecutor by the powerful mobster eddie kim . he is protected and persuaded by the fbi agent neville flynn to testify against eddie in los angeles . they embark in the red -eye flight of pacific air occupying the entire first -class. however eddie dispatches hundred of different species of snakes airborne with a time operated device in the luggage to release the snakes in the flight with the intent of crashing the plane . neville and the passengers have to struggle with the snakes to survive .
nascar stock car racing sensation ricky bobby is a national hero because of his "win at all costs " approach . he and his loyal racing partner childhood friend cal naughton jr . are a fearless duo -- "shake" and "bake" by their fans for their ability to finish so many races in the and positions with cal always in second place . when flamboyant french formula one driver jean girard challenges "shake" and "bake" for the supremacy of nascar ricky bobby must face his own demons and fight girard for the right to be known as racing 's top driver .
in new york unemployed and divorced larry daley is a complete loser . his son nick is very disappointed with his father who is going to be evicted . larry accepts the job of night watchman in the museum of natural history and takes the place of three old security guards that have just retired in order to raise some money and pay his bills . on his first shift larry soon realizes that everything at the museum is not as it seems as the statues begin to come to life after the sun sets . the museum transforms into complete chaos with the inexperienced larry in charge as he learns that an old egyptian stone that came to the museum in brings these statues to life until dawn . when larry brings his son to spend a night with him the three old guards break into the museum to try to steal the magical stone . larry organizes all the historic characters to help him stop the criminals and save the museum .
on september after the terrorist attack to the world trade center the building collapses over the rescue team from the port authority police department . will jimeno and his sergeant john mcloughlin are found alive trapped under the wreckage while the rescue teams fight to save them .
everybody knows that your life is a story . but what if a story was your life ? harold crick is your average irs agent : monotonous boring and repetitive . but one day this all changes when harold begins to hear an author inside his head narrating his life . the narrator it is extraordinarily accurate and harold recognizes the voice as an esteemed author he saw on tv . but when the narration reveals that he is going to die harold must find the author of the story and ultimately his life to convince her to change the ending of the story before it is too late .
based on the tv action /drama this update focuses on vice detectives crockett and tubbs as their respective personal and professional lives become dangerously intertwined .
hard withdrawn city cop jim wilson roughs up one too many suspects and is sent upstate to help investigate the murder of a young girl in the winter countryside . there he meets mary malden whom he finds attractive and independent . however mary 's brother is chief suspect in the killing . and mary herself is blind .
if you haven 't yet heard of the aluminum group - the critically adored chicago pop band fronted by gay brothers john and frank navin - make sure to see this musical celebration of their past and present .
three ex -girlfriends of a serial cheater set up their former lover to fall for the new girl in town so they can watch him get his heart broken .
this is the story of a ten -year-old boy named lucas nickle who has just moved to a new neighborhood has no friends and is the target for the local bully and his gang . his parents are leaving for a honeymoon in puerto vallarta so they are too busy to attend to his problems . his sister is distracted by her cellular phone and the grandmother is obsessed with ufos and aliens . lucas is constantly being beat up by the obese yet intimidating neighborhood bully . because he cannot fight back he takes out his anger on an anthill in his front yard ; he kicks it stomps it squirts it with his water gun and floods it with a hose . this terrifies the ants who call lucas the destroyer . one wizard ant known as zoc being a hopeful and adventurous type is trying to solve this dilemma . he tries to devise a magic potion that he believes will solve all their problems . as the plan to shrink lucas down to their size with a magic potion and forcing him to live like an ant within the colony --an astonishing new world opens up to him . lucas learns first -hand the value of friendship and teamwork ultimately leading the ants in an effort to save their colony from annihilation . and in the process lucas obtains the things he wants most : friends companionship acceptance and the courage to stand up for himself .
all but abandoned by her family in a london retirement hotel an elderly woman strikes up a curious friendship with a young writer .
in madrid the orphan sisters irene ana and maite are raised by their austere aunt paulina together with their mute and crippled grandmother after the death of their mother and their military father anselmo . ana is a melancholic girl fascinated by death after seeing her mother having a painful death and her father dead in bed .
rudy baylor is a jobless young attorney . however he is also the only hope of an elderly couple whose insurance company will not pay for an operation that could save their son 's life . in this judicial drama rudy learns to hate corporate america as he falls in love with a battered young married woman . will he be up to the task ?
when the hit -man chev chelios is poisoned by the criminal verona his friend and doctor miles advises him that he must keep his adrenaline levels elevated to stay alive . chev meets his girlfriend eve and together they look for verona to kill him .
a hearing impaired factory worker gives up her first holiday in years and instead travels out to an oil rig where she cares for a man suffering from severe burns .
two cops a rookie and a grizzled vet pursue an accomplished bank robber .
gabriel noone is a late night radio -host in a big city specializing in spooky tales culled from his active imagination . when gabriel 's lover decides he needs some "space" and moves out gabriel descends into a funk until a publisher friend brings him a manuscript written by year -old pete logand a troubled young fan . pete 's story touches the vulnerable gabriel deeply . pete was severely abused by his parents and is now under the care of his former social worker donna logand who has adopted him . pete is very ill and he and donna are keeping a low profile in a small town in wisconsin to avoid discovery by pete 's mother . gabriel develops an unsettling long -distance telephone relationship with the boy and his guardian . nothing is as it seems and the skepticism of friends causes gabriel to become suspicious of donna and her motives so he tries to resolve the loose ends by traveling to wisconsin to confront donna and pete . but this effort is largely unsuccessful and we are left wondering if pete is real if donna is really blind or if gabriel is the deranged soul of the story .
in the end of the first indochina war an open -minded teenage boy finds himself between the urge to discover love and the ever -present dominating affection of his mother .
two wealthy law -school students go on trial for murder in this version of the leopold -loeb case .
larry rayder is an aspiring nascar driver deke sommers is mechanic . as they feel they collectively are the best the only thing that is holding them back is money to build the best vehicle ...
tyler gage receives the opportunity of a lifetime after vandalizing a performing arts school gaining him the chance to earn a scholarship and dance with an up and coming dancer nora .
former superhero jack shepard (also known as captain zoom ) is called back to work to transform an unlikely group of ragtag kids into a new generation of superheroes at a privacy academy and save the world from certain destruction . the project holds an audition of would -be members most of whom possess useless or disgusting powers . in the end dylan a -year-old boy who can turn invisible summer a -year-old girl with telekinetic powers tucker a -year-old boy with the power to enlarge any part of his body cindy a -year-old girl with super strength .
the film follows nishi a loser who has a crush on his childhood girlfriend . after an encounter with the japanese mafia the film follows nishi as he journeys to heaven and back and ends up trapped in an even more unlikely place . nishi (and some friends ) attempt to break out of their trap and discover what it truly means to be alive along the way . this is a mind -bending trip that uses some of the most innovative animation ever created .
young caucasian dan dunne teaches history and coaches the girls basketball team at a brooklyn high school populated primarily by black and hispanic students . to the chagrin of his superiors dan bucks the outlined curriculum of historical facts in favor of the philosophy of historical events generally discussing the concept of dialectics . as such he captures the imagination of his students at least in the classroom . outside of the classroom dan 's life is in shambles . he has a distant but cordial relationship with his family . he uses illicit drugs rampantly . although his former girlfriend rachel was able to clean up her drug habit dan believes that rehab will not work for him . due to a combination of these issues he treats women poorly . thirteen year old drey is a student in his class and a player on his basketball team . drey has her own problems . her parents are divorced with her father a virtually non -existent figure in her life and her emt mother generally absent as she is always working to provide for drey . her older brother mike is incarcerated for selling drugs for a local dealer named frank . mike took the fall for frank who in turn protects drey whether she wants to be associated with him or not . dan and drey 's relationship changes when drey catches dan believing he is alone smoking crack in the girl 's locker room bathroom . he is totally stoned . their resulting friendship which is seen as inappropriate by the few who know is based on each being unable to deal with their own life but feeling like they can be at least a minor salvation in the other 's life .
because of the actions of her irresponsible parents a young girl is left alone on a decrepit country estate and survives inside her fantastic imagination .
a neo -nazi sentenced to community service at a church clashes with the blindly devotional priest .
chronic gambler and carouser "little" joe jackson is shot by domino johnson at jim henry 's gambling club over an outstanding gambling debt . little joe 's wife the god -fearing petunia jackson prays not only for her husband 's mortal life but also his eternal soul as she 's afraid that if he dies now he despite not being an evil man won 't make it into heaven . as little joe is close to death he is visited by agents of both the lord and of lucifer . they make a deal with him : they will give him six months to atone for the errors of his human life . once back on earth he won 't remember the deal but both the lord and lucifer will be watching over him trying to get him to see things their way . as both sides try to get little joe 's soul they figure that some of the most powerful tools they have at their disposal are the women in little joe 's life : petunia on behalf of the lord and georgia brown a gold -digging floozy on behalf of lucifer . as hard as both the lord and lucifer try to get little joe on their side they don 't factor into the equation human judgment which turns some of their work against them .
a high school slacker who 's rejected by every school he applies to opts to create his own institution of higher learning the south harmon institute of technology on a rundown piece of property near his hometown .
shirley lives with a lighthouse keeper who rescued her when her parents drowned . a truant officer decides she should go to boarding school but she 's rescued by relatives . buddy ebsen dances "at the codfish ball " with shirley .
in turn -of-the-century vienna a magician uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing .
diana the 'people's princess ' has died in a car accident in paris . the queen and her family decide that for the best they should remain hidden behind the closed doors of balmoral castle . the heartbroken public do not understand and request that the queen comforts her people . this also puts pressure on newly elected tony blair who constantly tries to convince the monarchy to address the public .
after the death of their grandfather johann von wolfhause the brothers jan and todd wolfhouse travel to munich to fulfill a family tradition spreading the ashes of johann during the oktoberfest . their contact brings them to a secret beer competition the beerfest " where they are offended by baron wolfgang von wolfhausen and the german branch of their family that accuse their great -grandmother of being a prostitute and their grandfather of stealing an old recipe of the best beer in germany . jan and todd returns to usa humiliated and decide to organize a beer team to dispute the next beerfest . they join landfill barry and fink and train long the year to participate in the competition . when they find the lost recipe hidden in a dummy they feel that their german relatives told the truth . but the team is ready for the tough dispute .
to get background for a new book author charles and his second wife ruth light -heartedly arrange for local mystic madame arcati to give a sance . the unfortunate result is that charles ' first wife elvira returns from beyond the grave to make his life something of a misery . ruth too gets increasingly irritated with her supernatural rival but m .arcati is at her wit 's end as to how to sort things out .
a young female babysitter is chatting to her friend when the young girl she 's watching disturbs her . she hangs up the phone and goes upstairs to investigate . she finds her screaming and ...
in a rural english hospital during wwii a postman dies on the operating table . one of the nurses states that she has proof of who the murderer is . the facetious inspector cockrill suspects one of the five doctors and nurses who were in the operating theater to be the assassin . but four poisonous pills have disappeared ....
while recovering from a tragic accident on the road the patrolman edward malus receives a letter from his former fiance willow who left him years ago without any explanation telling that her daughter rowan is missing . edward travels to the private island of summerisle where willow lives in an odd community that plant fruits and she reveals that rowan is actually their daughter . along his investigation with the hostile and unhelpful dwellers edward discloses that the locals are pagans practicing old rituals to improve their harvest and rowan is probably alive and being prepared to be sacrificed . when he locates the girl he finds also the dark truth about the wicker man .
a naturally talented basketball player noah cruise is determined to become a doctor using his basketball scholarship to ucla pre -med rather than succumb to the lure of former sports agent vaughn and go for the nba . his best friend the buddy that took the fall for him and did the time for an assault charge tech also an outstanding basketball player has less lofty ambitions : he wants to get his ged and win an underground street ball game against his arrogant rival jewelz . their lives change drastically when they both fall in love with two local girls vanessa lilly and eboni jackson and take fateful trip out to l .a. together .
against the backdrop of the irish war of independence two brothers fight a guerrilla war against british forces .
a team -building weekend in the mountains of eastern europe goes horribly wrong for the sales division of the multi -national weapons company palisade defence when they become the victims of a group of crazed killers who will stop at nothing to see them dead .
struggling private investigator louis simo treats his work more as a means to make a living than a want to do right by what few clients he has . through connections with the investigation firm for which he used to work simo is hired by helen bessolo to investigate the death of her son actor george reeves . reeves was best known for his title role in adventures of superman a role which he always despised in part since it typecast him as a "cartoon" despite it bringing him a certain fame . his june death by a single gunshot wound while in his bedroom in his los angeles home was ruled a suicide by the police the death which occurred when the house was filled with people . reeves ' story is told in part in flashback as simo who is trying to make a name for himself with this case talks to or tries to talk to some of the players involved most specifically the wife of mgm general manager e .j. mannix toni mannix with whom reeves was having a relatively open and gift -lucrative affair (she bought him that house ) and reeves ' fiance at the time of his death lenore lemmon an aspiring actress who some felt didn 't love reeves (or vice versa ). as simo proceeds with his high -profile investigation he learns that someone doesn 't want him snooping around . through the process simo evaluates his own professional and personal life the latter of which includes a somewhat strained relationship with his wife and son .
the nobles are a fabulously wealthy family with a secret : their fortune is steeped in blood and owed to a pact with the devil . as they start grooming their youngest virgin to accomplish their pact which requires a sacrifice every hundred years an undercover group called the judges seeks to stop them ; but diana the young second wife of the patriarch has some secret plans of her own ...
sherry tries to integrate again into society and become a good mother .
officer collins has been spearheading one of the us army 's most secretive experiments to date : the human hibernation project . if successful the project would store its subjects indefinitely until they are needed most . their first test subject - joe bowers - was not chosen for his superiority . instead he 's chosen because he 's the most average guy in the armed services . but scandal erupts after the experiment takes place the base is closed and the president disavows any knowledge of the project . unfortunately joe doesn 't wake up in a year he wakes up in years ! but during that time human evolution has taken a dramatic down turn . after waking up joe takes a prison -assigned iq test and finds that he 's the smartest guy alive ! awaiting a full presidential pardon if he can solve one of the country 's biggest problems - the dwindling plant population joe races against time to solve this problem . but in doing so he alienates half the country in the process ! can he make things right and escape a rather bizarre execution ?
jesus camp follows several young children as they prepare to attend a summer camp where the kids will get their daily dose of evangelical christianity . becky fischer works at the camp which is named kids on fire . through interviews with fischer the children and others jesus camp illustrates the unswerving belief of the faithful . a housewife and homeschooling mother tells her son that creationism has all the answers . footage from inside the camp shows young children weeping and wailing as they promise to stop their sinning . child after child is driven to tears . juxtapose these scenes with clips from a more moderate christian radio host (who is appalled by such tactics ) and jesus camp seems to pose a clear question : are these children being brainwashed ?
a love -struck italian poet is stuck in iraq at the onset of an american invasion .
three stories - one each from the past present and future - about men in pursuit of eternity with their love . a conquistador in mayan country searches for the tree of life to free his captive queen ; a medical researcher working with various trees looks for a cure that will save his dying wife ; a space traveler traveling with an aged tree encapsulated within a bubble moves toward a dying star that 's wrapped in a nebula ; he seeks eternity with his love . the stories intersect and parallel ; the quests fail and succeed .
snoopy travels to see his sick former owner and then feels obliged to return to her permanently .
following the death of his father in mexico stphane miroux a shy insecure young man agrees to come to paris to draw closer to his widowed mother christine . he lands a boring job at a calendar -making firm and falls in love with his charming neighbor stphanie . but conquering her is no bed of roses for the young man and the only solution he finds to put up with the difficulties he is going through is escape into a dream world ...
horror master ulli lommel is back with a terrifying tale of a copycat killer in los angeles . a young rookie cop and his team discover dismembered female bodies in l .a. similar to the black dahlia cold case from . a serial killer seems to be copying the brutal massacre of hollywood starlet betty short - the black dahlia . ultimately his investigation leads him to a frightening lair of death and torture all part of a terrifying fantasy that the killer is trying to bring to life .
a boy (jake t . austin ) begins a grand journey to return babe ruth 's baseball bat before the deciding game of the world series comes to a close .
a european family who plan on escaping to australia seem caught up in their daily routine only troubled by minor incidents . however behind their apparent calm and repetitive existence they are actually planning something sinister .
four young recruits about to be sent to vietnam confront their prejudicial feelings toward one another when it 's learned one of them is homosexual .
three generations of men including a pervert that constantly seeks for new kinds of satisfaction an obese speed eater and a passionate embalmer .
during the cold war an american lawyer is recruited to defend an arrested soviet spy in court and then help the cia facilitate an exchange of the spy for the soviet captured american spy plane pilot francis gary powers .
a drama that swoops in on empire falls an economically depressed mill town in maine and lifetime resident miles roby who 's run the town 's top restaurant for some twenty years . miles is surrounded by his newly thin wife meddling father and hostile boss .
tells how king henry viii came to marry five more times after his divorce from his first wife .
as the mayan kingdom faces its decline the rulers insist the key to prosperity is to build more temples and offer human sacrifices . jaguar paw a young man captured for sacrifice flees to avoid his fate .
before the united states enters world war i some american youths volunteer for the french military . subsequently they become the first u .s. fighter pilots and form a squadron known as the lafayette escadrille whose exploits and heroism become the stuff of legend . this fictional version follows a laconic texas rancher an eager nebraska kid a black boxer already in france and a new york swell as they arrive green for training get their baptism by fire when german planes ambush them on their first mission and graduate to heroics . rawlings the texan falls in love with a young woman he meets at a bordel .
chris pontius johnny knoxville steve -o bam margera and the whole crew return to the screen to raise the stakes higher than ever before .
borat sagdiyev is a tv reporter of a popular show in kazakhstan as kazakhstan 's sixth most famous man and a leading journalist . he is sent from his home to america by his government to make a documentary about american society and culture . borat takes a course in new york city to understand american humor . while watching baywatch on tv borat discovers how beautiful their women are in the form of c . j . parker who was played by actress pamela anderson who hails from malibu california . he decides to go on a cross -country road trip to california in a quest to make her his wife and take her back to his country . on his journey borat and his producer encounter a country full of strange and wonderful americans real people in real chaotic situations with hysterical consequences .
in falangist spain a girl fascinated with fairy -tales is sent along with her pregnant mother to live with her new stepfather a ruthless captain of the spanish army . during the night she meets a fairy who takes her to an old faun in the center of the labyrinth . he tells her she 's a princess but must prove her royalty by surviving three gruesome tasks . if she fails she will never prove herself to be the the true princess and will never see her real father the king again .
boog a domesticated . grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods days before open season . forced to rely on elliot a fast -talking mule deer the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag -tag army against the hunters .
the film recounts the story of aliens kidnapping the carpet -seller arif to the planet g .o.r.a. while arif tries to find a way to get back to his planet he falls in love with ceku the princess . arif saves the planet from the evil commander -in-chief of g .o.r.a. and hence becomes a hero for the people . in this science -fiction comedy film cem yilmaz played four different characters .
after nearly two years since his wife 's tragic death frank has finally returned to a life of normal routine . or has he ? not even the sessions with his shrink can rid him of his battles of reality vs illusion . before the end frank must decide whether or not to reunite with his departed wife ...but his fate is already sealed .
driving through the backwoods of texas five youths pick up a traumatized hitchhiker who shoots herself in their van . shaken by the suicide the group seeks help from the locals but their situation becomes even more surreal when they knock on the door of a remote homestead . it 's quickly apparent the residents are a family of inbred psychopaths and the unlucky youths suddenly find themselves running for their lives . in hot pursuit is a disfigured chainsaw -wielding cannibal known as leatherface .
a slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "employee of the month " title at work in order to gain the affections of a new female employee .
after the death of his uncle the -year-old schoolboy alex rider is forced by the special operationsdivision of britain 's secret intelligence service for a mission which will save millions of lives .
the story of how a boy was abandoned by his mother and how he later abandoned her . the year he 'll be the parents of augusten burroughs ) divorce and his mother who thinks of herself as a fine poet on the verge of fame delivers him to the eccentric household of her psychiatrist dr . finch . during that year augusten avoids school keeps a journal and practices cosmetology . his mother 's mental illness worsens he takes an older lover he finds friendship with finch 's younger daughter and he 's the occasional recipient of gifts from an unlikely benefactor . can he survive to come of age ?
three interwoven stories about a terrible curse . a young woman encounters a malevolent supernatural force while searching for her missing sister in tokyo ; a mean high school prank goes horribly wrong ; a woman with a deadly secret moves into a chicago apartment building .
tom dobbs comedic host of a political talk show - a la bill maher and jon stewart - runs for president of the us as an independent candidate who after an issues -oriented campaign and an explosive performance in the final debate gets just enough votes to win . trouble is he owes his victory to a computer glitch in the national touch -screen voting system marketed by delacroy a private company with a rising stock price . to protect their fortune delacroy executives want to keep the glitch a secret but one programmer eleanor green wants dobbs to know the truth . can she get to him ?
offside is about a group of iranian girls who attempts to enter tehran 's azadi stadium dressed as boys in order to watch a big football match but some get caught and arrested . after the establishment of the islamic republic in iran women are not allowed to enter the stadiums .
echoes of "madame bovary " in the american suburbs . sarah 's in a loveless marriage to an advertising executive long days with her young daughter at the park and the pool wanting more . brad is an immature househusband married to a flinty documentary filmmaker . ronnie is just out of prison - two years for indecent exposure to a minor - living with his elderly mother may ; larry is a retired cop fixated on driving ronnie away . sarah and brad connect a respite of adult companionship at the pool . ronnie and larry have their demons . brad should be studying for the bar ; larry misses his job ; ronnie 's mom thinks he needs a girlfriend . sarah longs to refuse to be trapped in an unhappy life . where can these tangled paths lead ?
new york police officer ralph sarchie investigates a series of crimes . he joins forces with an unconventional priest schooled in the rites of exorcism to combat the possessions that are terrorizing their city .
an action -packed drama about a christian high school football coach who uses his undying faith to battle the giants of fear and failure . in six years of coaching grant taylor has never led his shiloh eagles to a winning season . after learning that he and his wife brooke face infertility grant discovers that a group of fathers are secretly organizing to have him dismissed as head coach . devastated by his circumstances he cries out to god in desperation . when grant receives a message from an unexpected visitor he searches for a stronger purpose for his football team . he dares to challenge his players to believe god for the impossible on and off the field . when faced with unbelievable odds the eagles must step up to their greatest test of strength and courage . what transpires is a dynamic story of the fight between faith and fear .
in the early nicholas garrigan a young semi -idealistic scottish doctor comes to uganda to assist in a rural hospital . once there he soon meets up with the new president idi amin who promises a golden age for the african nation . garrigan hits it off immediately with the rabid scotland fan who soon offers him a senior position in the national health department and becomes one of amin 's closest advisers . however as the years pass garrigan cannot help but notice amin 's increasingly erratic behavior that grows beyond a legitimate fear of assassination into a murderous insanity that is driving uganda into bloody ruin . realizing his dire situation with the lunatic leader unwilling to let him go home garrigan must make some crucial decisions that could mean his death if the despot finds out .
after background about the childhood and youth of john lennon and the birth of vietnam -war protests the film plunges into lennon 's quest for world peace : compositions such as "give peace a chance " the lie -in following his marriage to yoko ono appearances at concerts "war is over " posters and plans for a series of concerts in in u .s. presidential primary states reach newly -enfranchised young voters . this plan for concerts in particular led a prominent senator the fbi 's j . edgar hoover and nixon 's white house to initiate a concerted and illegal effort to deport lennon . thirty talking heads led by yoko comment on lennon and these events .
a group of new yorkers caught up in their romantic -sexual milieu converge at an underground salon infamous for its blend of art music politics and carnality .
the world 's youngest citizen has just died at and humankind is facing the likelihood of its own extinction . set in and around a dystopian london fractious with violence and warring nationalistic sects children of men follows the unexpected discovery of a lone pregnant woman and the desperate journey to deliver her to safety and restore faith for a future beyond those presently on earth .
a woman travels to a french penal colony in indo china to be with her fiance the commander . she arrives to find that he is now an alcoholic .
in the marines attack twelve thousand japaneses protecting the twenty square kilometers of the sacred iwo jima island in a very violent battle . when they reach the mount suribachi and six marines raise their flag on the top the picture becomes a symbol in a post great depression america . the government brings the three survivors to america to raise funds for war bringing hope to desolate people and making the three men heroes of the war . however the traumatized trio has difficulty dealing with the image built by their superiors sharing the heroism with their mates .
young katy claims a wild horse as her own -- an effort to prove to her father that she is capable of one day taking over the family ranch .
an impulsive sexual encounter from her past haunts amy an otherwise seemingly normal young woman with a bright future and nice -guy fianc . but her fianc has suggested that the couple be completely honest and tell each other everything ! when amy finally relents encouraged to tell the truth by her coworker and mother (neither of whom really knows what she has to disclose ) and reveals her secret all hell breaks loose .
dito a writer in l .a. goes home to astoria queens after a -year absence when his mother calls to say his father 's ill . in a series of flashbacks we see the young dito his parents his four closest friends and his girl laurie as each tries to navigate family race loyalty sex coming of age violence and wanting out . a ball falls onto the subway tracks at a station small things get out of hand . can dito go home again ?
sebastian a young man has decided to follow instructions intended for someone else without knowing where they will take him . something else he does not know is that gerard dorez a cop ...
jeff is an anguished man who grieves and misses his young son that was killed by a driver in a car accident . he has become obsessed for revenge against the man and reckless with his wife and daughter . when dr . lynn denlon who has troubles with her marriage is abducted by the deranged jigsaw 's apprentice amanda she is brought to a gruesome warehouse to keep john kramer alive in spite of having a terminal brain tumor . amanda puts a necklace gadget full of explosives around dr . lynn 's neck connected to john kramer 's life support system and tells her that if he dies the device will explode . meanwhile jeff is submitted to a sick game of forgiveness with surprising dark consequences .
a horror movie testing two approaches to running an insane asylum - absolute freedom versus control and punishment - within the context of a world that combines the worst of both . jean berlot a young man subject to a nightmare of being forced into a straitjacket by two orderlies is befriended by a marquis . at the marquis 's estate jean witnesses a black mass buries someone alive and is invited to try preventive therapy . he 's willing to enter a sanatorium because he believes he can rescue a young woman from there who has told him that the real director and staff of the clinic are locked in the basement . jean conspires with her to set them free : the horrors have only begun .
roddy is a decidedly upper -crust "society mouse " who lives the life of a beloved pet in a posh kensington flat . when a sewer rat named sid comes spewing out of the sink and decides he 's hit the jackpot roddy schemes to rid himself of the pest by luring him into the "whirlpool." sid may be an ignorant slob but he 's no fool so it is roddy who winds up being flushed away into the bustling sewer world of ratropolis . there roddy meets rita an enterprising scavenger who works the sewers in her faithful boat the jammy dodger . roddy immediately wants out or rather up ; rita wants to be paid for her trouble ; and speaking of trouble the villainous toad - who royally despises all rodents equally making no distinction between mice and rats --wants them iced ... literally . the toad dispatches his two hapless hench -rats spike and whitey to get the job done . when they fail the toad has no choice but to send to france for his cousin - that dreaded mercenary le frog .
a week in the lives of a group of models photographers agents reporters publicists and other characters during a wild modeling show in new york city .
now that santa /scott calvin and mrs . claus /carol calvin have the north pole running smoothly the counsel of legendary figures has called an emergency meeting on christmas eve ! the evil jack frost has been making trouble looking to take over the holiday ! so he launches a plan to sabotage the toy factory and compel scott to invoke the little -known escape clause and wish he 'd never become santa !
in the female country band the dixie chicks are at the top of their game being one of the most successful bands of all time . however with the us invasion of iraq about to begin over frustrated worldwide objections about this needless war one of the chick vents off the cuff in concert about being ashamed of us president george w . bush . this statement sparks a firestorm of organized and personal right wing attacks against the chicks for daring to think they have the right to express a negative personal opinion about the president . this film covers the band 's effort to ride out the turmoil that would leave their careers under a cloud but would eventually give them a opportunity to grow as great artists who bow to no one .
hollywood send -up. no -name actors are making a low -budget period drama called "home for purim " when an anonymous post on the internet suggests that one performance is oscar -worthy. then two more cast members get oscar -related press : buzz in "variety" and appearances on tv prompt the studio executives to insist on changes in the script in anticipation of a blockbuster . jump ahead a few months to the days before oscar nominees are announced : just the possibility of a nomination has changed the actors ' lives . agents publicists make -up artists local celebrity reporters and other bit players round out the backstage ensemble . hooray for hollywood !
this documentary follows the mayoral campaign in newark new jersey in which the cory booker attempted to unseat longtime mayor sharpe james .
james bond goes on his first ever mission as a . le chiffre is a banker to the world 's terrorists . he is participating in a poker game at montenegro where he must win back his money in order to stay safe among the terrorist market . the boss of known simply as m sends bond along with vesper lynd to attend this game and prevent le chiffre from winning . bond using help from felix leiter mathis and having vesper pose as his partner enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career . but if bond defeats le chiffre will he and vesper lynd remain safe ?
this is the story of a little penguin named mumble who has a terrible singing voice and later discovers he has no heartsong . however mumble has an astute talent for something that none of the penguins had ever seen before : tap dancing . though mumble 's mom norma jean thinks this little habit is cute his dad memphis says it "just ain 't penguin ." besides they both know that without a heartsong mumble may never find true love . as fate would have it his one friend gloria happens to be the best singer around . mumble and gloria have a connection from the moment they hatch but she struggles with his strange "hippity- hoppity " ways . mumble is just too different --especially for noah the elder the stern leader of emperor land who ultimately casts him out of the community . away from home for the first time mumble meets a posse of decidedly un -emperor-like penguins --the adelie amigos . led by ramon the adelies instantly embrace mumble 's cool dance moves and invite him to party with them . in adelie land mumble seeks the counsel of lovelace the guru a crazy -feathered rockhopper penguin who will answer any of life 's questions for the price of a pebble . together with lovelace and the amigos mumble sets out across vast landscapes and after some epic encounters proves that by being true to yourself you can make all the difference in the world .
dana a young american woman traveling on business in jerusalem meets a mysterious older french woman at a caf who shares a fascinating story of lost love revolving around the expensive antique ruby pin she 's wearing . the woman exits the caf abruptly leaving the pin behind and dana who is on her way to meet her fianc in london finds herself forced to reschedule her trip - and her life - as an unexpected but expected stranger crosses her path . or has he already ?
the story of the assassination of u .s. senator robert f . kennedy who was shot in the early morning hours of june in the ambassador hotel in los angeles and people in the hotel whose lives were never the same .
an actor (freeman) prepping for an upcoming role meets a quirky grocery clerk (vega) and the pair hit the road to show one another their respective worlds .
a military officer attempts to hunt down a terrorist destroy a terrorist gang and deactivate the sleeper cells under its command .
jim davis is an ex -army ranger who finds himself slipping back into his old life of petty crime after a job offer from the lapd evaporates . his best friend is pressured by his girlfriend sylvia to find a job but jim is more interested in hanging out and making cash from small heists while trying to get a law enforcement job so he can marry his mexican girlfriend .
simon a deeply religious man living in the century wants to be nearer to god so he climbs a column . the devil wants him come down to earth and is trying to seduce him .
in venice beach naive midwesterner jb bonds with local slacker kg and they form the rock band tenacious d . setting out to become the world 's greatest band is no easy feat so they set out to steal what could be the answer to their prayers -- a magical guitar pick housed in a rock -and-roll museum some miles away .
while traveling on vacation through the country of northeastern of brazil by bus the american alex trubituan his sister bea tribituan and their friend amy harrington meet the also foreigners pru stagler finn davies and liam kuller after an accident with their bus . they follow a track through the woods and find a hidden paradisiacal beach . they decide to stay in the place drinking beer and dancing funk and parting with the locals and they meet the amicable brazilian teenager kiko . they are drugged with "boa noite cinderela " (ruffies literal translation : "good night cinderella " - a trick used by smalltime crooks to steal naive people ) and when they wake up they are practically naked with all their belongings clothes money jewels passports backpacks etc . stolen . they walk to a small village trying to find a police station they get into trouble with the dwellers and they are helped by their acquaintance kiko who leads them to his uncle 's isolated well -equipped cabin in the woods to wait for the next bus two days later . along the night kiko 's "uncle" arrives with his friends and the group discloses the sinister intentions of the newcomers .
a story following archer a man tortured by his roots . with a strong survival instinct he has made himself a key player in the business of conflict diamonds . political unrest is rampant in sierra leone as people fight tooth for tooth . upon meeting solomon and the beautiful maddy archer 's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with the war around him .
based on the beloved children 's novel by e .b. white a young girl named fern rescues a runty piglet raises it as her own and names him wilbur . however after wilbur grows into a pig she is compelled to sell him to her uncle homer zuckerman down the street . at zuckerman 's barn wilbur meets a host of animals and later learns from them that come winter he will be slaughtered for food . fearing for his life charlotte a gentle and wise spider whom befriended the lonely wilbur vows to save his life .
the kingdom of alagaesia is ruled by the evil king galbatorix a former dragon rider that betrayed his mates and his people in his quest for power . when the orphan farm boy eragon finds a blue stone sent by princess arya he sooner realizes that it is a dragon egg . when the dragon saphira is born eragon meets his mentor brom and becomes the dragon rider foreseen in an ancient prophecy that would set his people free from the tyrant galbatorix . eragon meets the rebels varden and together they fight against the evil sorcerer durza and the army of galbatorix in a journey for freedom .
thirty years after the ring of the first bell rocky balboa comes out of retirement and dons his gloves for his final fight ; against the reigning heavyweight champ mason 'the line ' dixon .
the story of how the british attacked german dams in wwii by using an ingenious technique to drop bombs where they would be most effective .
this love story has kitty meeting young intelligent shy and somewhat dull dr . walter fane whose forte is the study of infectious diseases and the convenient marriage that she finds herself committed to . it is in this web of intrigue that they head for china only after walter discovers kitty 's infidelity with one dashing and witty diplomat charlie townsend . so much as to hide her from herself and to help thwart a cholera outbreak this is a marriage more than on the rocks . this is a cold indifferent and loveless partnership in a vast unknown and deadly environment that will test both these flightless lovebirds and with the hardships and tolerances more than any had ever anticipated . a visual delight amid the pain and suffering of a dying people and failing marriage . will a cure be found for both before it 's too late ?
an animated adaptation of richard adams ' novel about a pair of dogs (snitter and rowf ) who escape from a research laboratory and try to survive in the wild with the help of a cunning fox (the tod ). the lab director tries to keep the escape quiet but as an increasing number of sheep are found killed word leaks out together with rumours that the dogs might be plague carriers ...
laconic and self -contained edward wilson heads cia covert operations during the bay of pigs . the agency suspects that castro was tipped so wilson looks for the leak . as he investigates he recalls in a series of flashbacks his father 's death student days at yale (poetry; skull and bones ) recruitment into the fledgling oss truncated affairs a shotgun marriage cutting his teeth on spy craft in london distance from his son the emergence of the cold war and relationships with agency british and soviet counterparts . we watch his idealism give way to something else : disclosing the nature of that something else is at the heart of the film 's narration as he closes in on the leak .
detroit the early . curtis taylor jr . a car salesman breaks into the music business with big dreams . he signs a trio of young women the dreamettes gets them a job backing an r &b performer james "thunder" early establishes his own record label and starts wheeling and dealing . when early flames out curtis makes the dreamettes into headliners as the dreams but not before demoting their hefty big -voiced lead singer effie white and putting the softer -voiced looker deena jones in front . soon after he fires effie sends her into a life of proud poverty and takes deena and the dreams to the top . how long can curtis stay there and will effie ever get her due ?
it 's in long beach california . idealistic erin gruwell is just starting her first teaching job that as freshman and sophomore english teacher at woodrow wilson high school which two years earlier implemented a voluntary integration program . for many of the existing teachers the integration has ruined the school whose previously stellar academic standing has been replaced with many students who will be lucky to graduate or even be literate . despite choosing the school on purpose because of its integration program erin is unprepared for the nature of her classroom whose students live by generations of strict moral codes of protecting their own at all cost . many are in gangs and almost all know somebody that has been killed by gang violence . the latinos hate the cambodians who hate the blacks and so on . the only person the students hate more is ms . gruwell . it isn 't until erin holds an unsanctioned discussion about a recent drive -by shooting death that she fully begins to understand what she 's up against . and it isn 't until she provides an assignment of writing a daily journal - which will be not graded and will remain unread by her unless they so choose - that the students begin to open up to her . as erin tries harder and harder to have resources provided to teach properly (which often results in her needing to pay for them herself through working second and third jobs ) she seems to face greater resistance especially from her colleagues such as margaret campbell her section head who lives by regulations and sees such resources as a waste and brian gelford who will protect his "priviledged" position of teaching the senior honors classes at all cost . erin also finds that her teaching job is placing a strain on her marriage to scott casey a man who seems to have lost his own idealistic way in life .
in august the american city of new orleans was struck by the powerful hurricane katrina . although the storm was damaging by itself that was not the true disaster . that happened when the city 's flooding safeguards like levees failed and put most of the city which is largely below sea level underwater . this film covers that disastrous series of events that devastated the city and its people . furthermore the gross incompetence of the various governments and the powerful from the local to the federal level is examined to show how the poor and underprivileged of new orleans were mistreated in this grand calamity and still ignored today .
as an actress starts to adopt the persona of her character in a film her world starts to become nightmarish and surreal .
in britain a group of young men at cutlers ' grammar school all have the brains and the will to earn the chance of getting accepted in the finest universities in the nation oxford and cambridge . despite the fine teaching by excellent professionals like mrs lintott in history and the intellectually enthusiastic hector in general studies the headmaster is not satisfied . he signs on the young irwin to polish the students ' style to give them the best chance . in this mix of intellectualism and creative spirit that guides a rigorous preparation regime for that ultimate educational brass ring the lives of the randy students and the ostensibly restrained faculty intertwine that would change their lives forever .
the bitter cynical and lonely barbara covett is a tough and conservative teacher near to retirement who is loathed by her colleagues and students . in the loneliness of her apartment she spends her spare time writing her journal taking care of her old cat portia and missing her special friend jennifer dodd . when sheba hart joins the high -school as the new art teacher barbara dedicates her attention to the newcomer writing sharp and unpleasant comments about her behavior and clothes . when barbara helps sheba in a difficult situation with two students the grateful sheba invites her to have lunch with her family . sheba introduces her husband and former professor richard hart who is about twenty years older than she ; her rebellious teenager daughter polly ; and her son ben that has down 's syndrome . barbara becomes close to sheba but when she accidentally discovers that sheba is having an affair with the fifteen year -old student steven connolly barbara sees the chance to manipulate and get closer to sheba hiding the secret from the school headmaster . when portia dies and sheba does not stay with barbara in the veterinary office to see ben in a theater play barbara plots a machiavellian revenge against sheba creating a scandal and consequent turmoil in their lives .
china later tang dynasty century . on the eve of the chong yang festival golden flowers fill the imperial palace . the emperor (chow yun fat ) returns unexpectedly with his second son prince jai (jay chou ). his pretext is to celebrate the holiday with his family but given the chilled relations between the emperor and the ailing empress (gong li ) this seems disingenuous . for many years the empress and crown prince wan (liu ye ) her stepson have had an illicit liaison . feeling trapped prince wan dreams of escaping the palace with his secret love chan (li man ) the imperial doctor 's daughter . meanwhile prince jai the faithful son grows worried over the empress 's health and her obsession with golden chrysanthemums . could she be headed down an ominous path ? the emperor harbors equally clandestine plans ; the imperial doctor (ni dahong ) is the only one privy to his machinations . when the emperor senses a looming threat he relocates the doctor 's family from the palace to a remote area . while they are en route mysterious assassins attack them . chan and her mother jiang shi (chen jin ) are forced back to the palace . their return sets off a tumultuous sequence of dark surprises . amid the glamour and grandeur of the festival ugly secrets are revealed . as the imperial family continues its elaborate charade in a palatial setting thousands of golden armored warriors charge the palace . who is behind this brutal rebellion ? where do prince jai 's loyalties lie ? between love and desire is there a final winner ? against a moonlit night thousands of chrysanthemum blossoms are trampled as blood spills across the imperial palace .
forty -year-old andreas arrives in a strange city with no memory of how he got there . he is presented with a job an apartment - even a wife . but before long andreas notices that something is wrong . andreas makes an attempt to escape the city but he discovers there 's no way out . andreas meets hugo who has found a crack in a wall in his cellar . beautiful music streams out from the crack . maybe it leads to "the other side "? a new plan for escape is hatched .
while in post -war berlin to cover the potsdam conference an american military journalist is drawn into a murder investigation which involves his former mistress and his driver .
the island of iwo jima stands between the american military force and the home islands of japan . therefore the imperial japanese army is desperate to prevent it from falling into american hands and providing a launching point for an invasion of japan . general tadamichi kuribayashi is given command of the forces on the island and sets out to prepare for the imminent attack . general kuribayashi however does not favor the rigid traditional approach recommended by his subordinates and resentment and resistance fester among his staff . in the lower echelons a young soldier saigo a poor baker in civilian life strives with his friends to survive the harsh regime of the japanese army itself all the while knowing that a fierce battle looms . when the american invasion begins both kuribayashi and saigo find strength honor courage and horrors beyond imagination .
it 's time for christmas break and the sorority sisters make plans for the holiday but the strange anonymous phone calls are beginning to put them on edge . when clare disappears they contact the police who don 't express much concern . meanwhile jess is planning to get an abortion but boyfriend peter is very much against it . the police finally begin to get concerned when a -year-old girl is found dead in the park . they set up a wiretap to the sorority house but will they be in time to prevent a sorority girl attrition problem ?
the story of beatrix potter the author of the beloved and best -selling children 's book "the tale of peter rabbit " and her struggle for love happiness and success .
arthur is a spirited ten -year old whose parents are away looking for work whose eccentric grandfather has been missing for several years and who lives with his grandmother in a country house that in two days will be repossessed torn down and turned into a block of flats unless arthur 's grandfather returns to sign some papers and pay off the family debt . arthur discovers that the key to success lies in his own descent into the land of the minimoys creatures no larger than a tooth whom his grandfather helped relocate to their garden . somewhere among them is hidden a pile of rubies too . can arthur be of stout heart and save the day ? romance beckons as well and a villain lurks .
german journalist philip winter has a case of writer 's block when trying to write an article about the united states . he decides to return to germany and while trying to book a flight encounters a german woman and her nine year old daughter alice doing the same . the three become friends (almost out of necessity ) and while the mother asks winter to mind alice temporarily it quickly becomes apparent that alice will be his responsibility for longer than he expected . after returning to europe the innocent friendship between winter and alice grows as they travel together through various european cities on a quest for alice 's grandmother .
two old pals reunite for a camping trip in oregon 's cascade mountains .
claremont california . middle -class kids in their talk trash wave guns hang out in a pack . johnny truelove drug dealer and son of a underworld figure threatens jake mazursky an explosive head case who owes johnny money ; jake responds by breaking into johnny 's house . on impulse johnny and a couple pals kidnap jake 's -year-old brother zach . zach 's okay with it figuring his brother will pay the debt soon . johnny assigns his buddy frankie to be zach 's minder and they develop a brotherly friendship . zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control . group think amorality and fear of prison assert a hold on the pack . is zach in danger ?
the hitcher ... the driver - who is in danger ? who is the danger ? who is the victim ? which one will prevail and what 's in the case ?
a manager of an orphanage in india is sent to copenhagen denmark where he discovers a life -altering family secret .
a music group of girls need to learn to play a song before the school festival .
a preteen 's life turns upside down when he befriends the new girl in school and they imagine a whole new fantasy world to escape reality .
from the biggest festival to the smallest church social kenny smyth delivers porta -loos to them all . ignored and unappreciated he is one of the cogs in society 's machinery ; a knight in ...
in to explore the adage "give me a child until he is seven and i will give you the man " world in action filmed seven -year-olds. every seven years michael apted visits them . at ...
jenna is a pregnant unhappily married waitress in the deep south . she meets a newcomer to her town and falls into an unlikely relationship as a last attempt at happiness .
ye xiang lun is a music student majoring in piano who just transferred to tamkang a school famous for its musically talented students especially those who play piano . on his first day of school he hears a mysterious melody being played and following it meets lu xiao yu another piano major . when he asks her about the song she was playing she tells him that it is a secret that cannot be told . the two form a friendship that quickly evolves into a romantic relationship . however unbeknownst to xiang lun there is more to xiao yu than initially meets the eye .
a group of seven -year-old british children from widely ranging backgrounds are interviewed about a range of subjects . director michael apted plans to reinterview them at seven -year intervals to determine how their lives and attitudes have changed .
director michael apted revisits the same group of british -born children after a seven -year wait . the subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years .
a woman struggles to accept the death of her fianc and the secrets he kept from her as she rebuilds her life .
mob boss primo sparazza has taken out a hefty contract on buddy "aces" israel a sleazy magician who has agreed to turn state 's evidence against the vegas mob . the fbi sensing a chance to use this small -time con to bring down big -target sparazza places aces into protective custody -under the supervision of two agents dispatched to aces ' lake tahoe hideout . when the word of the price on aces ' head spreads into the community of ex -cons and cons -to-be it entices bounty hunters thugs -for-hire deadly vixens and double -crossing mobsters to join in the hunt . with all eyes on tahoe this rogues ' gallery collides in a comic race to hit the jackpot and rub out aces .
a comedic satire of films that are large in scope reputation and popularity .
a meddling mother tries to set her daughter up with the right man so her kid won 't follow in her footsteps .
after the death of his parents during world war ii young hannibal lecter moves in with his beautiful aunt and begins plotting revenge on the barbarians responsible for his sister 's death .
norbit is a normal person who after being adopted by mr . wong ends up being married to the very large rasputia . norbit 's childhood love kate thomas arrives back in town to buy the orphanage . norbit sees this as his chance to get back together with kate until he discovers that she is in fact engaged to deion hughes . norbit isn 't going to lay this to rest whilst he tries to survive life with rasputia and it looks like deion also has something he would like to keep secret .
the owner of an it firm wants to sell up . the trouble is that when he started his firm he invented a nonexistent company president to hide behind when unpopular steps needed taking . when potential purchasers insist on negotiating with the "boss" face to face the owner has to take on a failed actor to play the part . the actor suddenly discovers he is a pawn in a game that goes on to sorely test his (lack of ) moral fibre .
in the ruthless colombian cocaine barons invaded miami with a brand of violence unseen in this country since prohibition -era chicago - and it put the city on the map . "cocaine cowboys " is the true story of how miami became the drug murder and cash capital of the united states told by the people who made it all happen .
a rat named remy dreams of becoming a great french chef despite his family 's wishes and the obvious problem of being a rat in a decidedly rodent -phobic profession . when fate places remy in the sewers of paris he finds himself ideally situated beneath a restaurant made famous by his culinary hero auguste gusteau . despite the apparent dangers of being an unlikely - and certainly unwanted - visitor in the kitchen of a fine french restaurant remy 's passion for cooking soon sets into motion a hilarious and exciting rat race that turns the culinary world of paris upside down .
pierre a professional dancer suffers from a serious heart disease . while he is waiting for a transplant which may (or may not ) save his life he has nothing better to do than look at the people around him from the balcony of his paris apartment . when elise his sister with three kids and no husband moves in to his place to care for him pierre does not change his new habits . and instead of dancing himself it is paris and the parisians who dance before his eyes .
texan charles farmer left the air force as a young man to save the family ranch when his dad died . like most american ranchers he owes his bank . unlike most he 's an astrophysicist with a rocket in his barn - one he 's built and wants to take into space . it 's his dream . the fbi puts him under surveillance when he tries to buy rocket fuel ; the faa stalls him when he files a flight plan - it 's post after all . his wife is angry when she finds out their bank is initiating foreclosure . charlie fears failure and decides precipitously to launch . are twenty -first century american dreams just a sign of insanity ? are those who believe in dreamers only fools ?
sworn enemies find themselves in each other 's bodies and use this to ruin each other 's lives .
the beatles charter a special bus for a surreal mystery tour .
when the motorcyclist johnny blaze finds that his father barton blaze has a terminal cancer he accepts a pact with the mephistopheles giving his soul for the health of his beloved father . but the devil deceives him and barton dies in a motorcycle accident during an exhibition . johnny leaves the carnival his town his friends and his girlfriend roxanne . years later johnny blaze becomes a famous motorcyclist who risks his life in his shows and he meets roxanne again now a tv reporter . however mephistopheles proposes johnny to release his contract if he become the "ghost rider " and defeat his evil son blackheart who wants to possess one thousand evil souls and transform hell on earth .
in february robert hanssen a senior agent with years in the fbi is arrested for spying . jump back two months : eric o 'neill a computer specialist who wants to be made an agent is assigned to clerk for hanssen and to write down everything hanssen does . o 'neill's told it 's an investigation of hanssen 's sexual habits . within weeks the crusty hanssen a devout catholic has warmed to o 'neill who grows to respect hanssen . o 'neill's wife resents hanssen 's intrusiveness ; the personal and professional stakes get higher . how they catch hanssen and why he spies become the film 's story . can o 'neill help catch red -handed "the worst spy in history " and hold onto his personal life ?
a washed up singer is given a couple days to compose a chart -topping hit for an aspiring teen sensation . though he 's never written a decent lyric in his life he sparks with an offbeat younger woman with a flair for words .
walter sparrow becomes obsessed with a novel that he believes was written about him . as his obsession increases more and more similarities seem to arise .
the lives of seven incompetent reno sheriff 's deputies are detailed in this "cops" style parody . among the colorful characters are lt . jim dangle the short shorts -wearing flamboyantly gay supervisor ; deputy james garcia who makes police brutality an art form ; deputy trudy wiegel the manic depressive socially awkward officer ; deputy clementine johnson the skanky former magician 's assistant ; deputy travis junior the redneck who is never seen without his kevlar vest and sunglasses ; deputy s . jones the semi -competent ladies ' man ; and deputy raineesha williams the bootylicious black cop with an attitude .
a god -fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who as a victim of childhood sexual abuse looks everywhere for love never quite finding it .
gray and sam are brother and sister and best friends flatmates in new york city where she creates ad campaigns and he 's a surgery intern . their social life is too insular so they head to a dog park so sam can maybe meet a woman . he does - charlie - a zoologist new in the city ; he likes her immediately and the feeling seems mutual . as the three of them spend time together what if gray 's feelings for charlie aren 't just sisterly ? not only might this explain her solitary life but it could lead to real dilemmas - with charlie (who's sweet but a bit opaque ) and with sam . no advice comes from gray 's therapist but a co -worker and a cab driver give theirs . can gray sort things out ?
loudquietloud is the story of this unforseen plot twist . a deeply compelling portrait of four band members and their difficult tense and ultimately triumphant return .
based on the rise and fall of socialite edie sedgwick concentrating on her relationships with andy warhol and a folk singer .
when a liquor store owner finds a case of "viper" in his cellar he decides to sell it to the local hobos at one dollar a bottle unaware of its true properties . the drinks causes its consumers to melt very messily . two homeless lads find themselves up against the effects of the toxic brew as well as going head to head with "bronson" a vietnam vet with sociopathic tendencies and the owner of the junkyard they live in .
exceptional london cop nicholas angel is involuntarily transferred to a quaint english village and paired with a witless new partner . while on the beat nicholas suspects a sinister conspiracy is afoot with the residents .
the anti -ching patriots under the guidance of ho kuang -han have secretly set up their base in canton disguised as school masters . during a brutal manchu attack lui manages to escape and ...
based on real events paul bernardo and his wife karla homolka kidnap sexually abuse and murder three young girls .
during the soviet authorities hunt for a serial killer who picks his victims in railway stations and commuter trains and lures them into the woods .
las vegas showroom magician cris johnson has a secret which torments him : he can see a few minutes into the future . sick of the examinations he underwent as a child and the interest of the government and medical establishment in his power he lies low under an assumed name in vegas performing cheap tricks and living off small -time gambling "winnings." but when a terrorist group threatens to detonate a nuclear device in los angeles government agent callie ferris must use all her wiles to capture cris and convince him to help her stop the cataclysm .
a landscape architect 's dealings with a young thief cause him to re -evaluate his life .
in william wilberforce the great crusader for the british abolition of slavery is taking a vacation for his health even while he is sicker at heart for his frustrated cause . however meeting the charming barbara spooner wilberforce finds a soulmate to share the story of his struggle . with few allies such as his mentor john newton a slave ship captain turned repentant priest who penned the great hymn "amazing grace " prime william pitt and olaudah equiano the erudite former slave turned author wilberforce fruitlessly fights both public indifference and moneyed opposition determined to keep their exploitation safe . nevertheless wilberforce finds the inspiration in newfound love to rejuvenate the fight with new ideas that would lead to a great victory for social justice .
a serial killer in the san francisco bay area taunts police with his letters and cryptic messages . we follow the investigators and reporters in this lightly fictionalized account of the true 's case as they search for the murderer becoming obsessed with the case . based on robert graysmith 's book the movie 's focus is the lives and careers of the detectives and newspaper people .
a group of suburban biker wannabes looking for adventure hit the open road but get more than they bargained for when they encounter a new mexico gang called the del fuegos .
king leonidas of sparta and a force of men fight the persians at thermopylae in b .c.
the siblings noah and emma travel with their mother jo from seattle to the family cottage in whidbey island to spend a couple of days while their workaholic father david wilder is working . they find a box of toys from the future in the water and bring it home and emma finds a stuffed rabbit called mimzy and stones and a weird object but they hide their findings from their parents . mimzy talks telepathically to emma and the siblings develop special abilities increasing their intelligences to the level of genius . their father becomes very proud when noah presents a magnificent design in the fair of science and technology and his teacher larry white and his mystic wife naomi schwartz become interested in the boy when he draws a mandala . when noah accidentally assembles the objects and activates a powerful generator creating a blackout in the state the fbi arrests the family trying to disclose the mystery . but emma unravels the importance to send mimzy back to the future .
in biarritz with her elderly provider to celebrate her birthday irene slips down to the hotel bar when he falls asleep on her . she mistakes barman jean for a well -healed guest and he encourages the deceit by taking her up to the royal suite for the night . a year later the same thing happens but this time her lover finds out and disowns her . now knowing jean is indeed a barman of little means doesn 't stop her from continuing to live in style until his money is gone . he soon finds himself in irene 's business with older and worldly -wise madeleine and though irene also takes up with a new paramour the two of them keep in increasingly close touch .
if you were a brilliant young scientist diagnosed with only months to live what choices would you make ? to have faith that you were taken early for a reason and go quietly or to use cryogenics to hope you could be cured someday in the future or to download your consciousness into computer memory where you could still continue to interact with tho ones you love ?
it is america has entered world war ii and sickly but determined steve rogers is frustrated at being rejected yet again for military service . everything changes when dr . erskine recruits him for the secret project rebirth . proving his extraordinary courage wits and conscience rogers undergoes the experiment and his weak body is suddenly enhanced into the maximum human potential . when dr . erskine is then immediately assassinated by an agent of nazi germany 's secret hydra research department (headed by johann schmidt a .k.a. the red skull ) rogers is left as a unique man who is initially misused as a propaganda mascot ; however when his comrades need him rogers goes on a successful adventure that truly makes him captain america and his war against schmidt begins .
a biographical portrait of a pre -fame jane austen and her romance with a young irishman .
in the wake of his father 's death with the finals looming and the draft on the line an adopted son of a philippine pro basketball legend desperately needs to pull himself together before it 's too late .
depressed housewife learns her husband was killed in a car accident the day previously awakens the next morning to find him alive and well at home and then awakens the next day after to a world in which he is still dead .
every town has its own ghost story and a local folktale around ravens fair is about a ventriloquist named mary shaw . after she went mad in the she was accused of kidnapping a young boy who yelled out in one of her performances that she was a fraud . because of this she was hunted down by townspeople who in the ultimate act of revenge cut out her tongue and then killed her . they buried her along with her "children" a handmade collection of vaudeville dolls and assumed they had silenced her forever . however ravens fair has been plagued by mysterious deaths around them after mary shaws collection has returned from their graves and have come to seek revenge on people that killed her and their families . far from the pall of their cursed hometown newlyweds jamie and lisa ashen thought they had established a fresh start until jamie 's wife is grotesquely killed in their apartment . jamie returns to ravens fair for the funeral intent on unraveling the mystery of lisa 's death . once reunited with his ill father edward and his father 's new young bride ella jamie must dig into the town 's bloody past to find out who killed his wife and why . all the while he is doggedly pursued by a detective who doesn 't believe a word he says . as he uncovers the legend of mary shaw he will unlock the story of her curse and the truth behind the threat from a rhyme in his childhood : if you see mary shaw and scream she 'll take your tongue . and the last thing you will hear before you die ...is your own voice speaking back to you .
alan johnson has everything he needs to get through life : a good job a beautiful and loving wife and their wonderful children . yet he feels isolated because he finds having a hard -working job and managing a family too much to handle and has no one to talk to about it . charlie fineman on the other hand doesn 't have a job or a family . he used to have both until a terrible loss and the grief caused him to quit his job and isolate himself from everyone around him . as it turns out alan and charlie were roommates in college and a chance encounter one night rekindles the friendship they shared . but when charlie 's problems become too much to deal with alan is determined to help charlie come out of his emotional abyss .
a marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president . ultimately double -crossed and framed for the attempt he goes on the run to find the real killer and the reason he was set up .
a team of trainees of the national guard brings supply to the new mexico desert for a group of soldiers and scientists that are installing a monitoring system in sector . they do not find anybody in the camp and they receive a blurred distress signal from the hills . their sergeant gathers a rescue team and they are attacked and trapped by deformed cannibals having to fight to survive .
when the world is threatened by an ancient evil the four adolescent turtles must reunite and overcome their faults in order to stand against it .
timmy is a look -out in the military . as a diversion from her tiring frame work she creates an imaginative childish world which sets her apart in a mundane routine . when she has to deal ...
in two rival olympic ice skaters were stripped of their gold medals and permanently banned from men 's single competition . presently however they 've found a loophole that will allow them to qualify as a pairs team .
a double -bill of thrillers that recall both filmmakers ' favorite exploitation films . "grindhouse" (a downtown movie theater in disrepair since its glory days as a movie palace known for "grinding out " non -stop double -bill programs of b -movies) is presented as one full -length feature comprised of two individual films helmed separately by each director . "death proof " is a rip -roaring slasher flick where the killer pursues his victims with a car rather than a knife while "planet terror " shows us a view of the world in the midst of a zombie outbreak . the films are joined together by clever faux trailers that recall the exploitation drive -in classics .
lewis an orphan wants to see what his mother looked like . so he invents a machine that looks through your brain so you can see your memories . but this weird kid says he 's from the future and warns him about a guy in a bowler hat . the bowler hat guy messes with his invention and it fails . he decides that he 's a failure and no one wants him . but the kid that warned him about the guy is here on a mission to find the bowler hat guy that wants to destroy lewis . to prove he 's from the future he takes lewis to the future . but the time machine breaks and he 's stuck in the future until he fixes it . in the meantime he spends quality time with the family . but the bowler hat guy is about to alter time and it 's up to lewis to save the future .
in in france the rogue american soldiers lieutenant robert yeager private fred canfield the murderer tony the thief nick and the coward berle are transported to a military prison ....
years into the future the sun begins to die and earth is dying as a result . a team of astronauts is sent to revive the sun - but the mission fails . seven years later a new team is sent to finish the mission as mankind 's last hope .
tom farrell is a navy officer who gets posted at the pentagon and is to report to the secretary of defense david brice . he starts an affair with susan atwell not knowing that she is brice 's mistress . when susan is found dead tom is assigned to the case of finding the killer who is believed to be a kgb mole ! tom could soon become a suspect when a polaroid negative of him was found at susan 's place . he now has only a few hours to find the killer before the computer regenerates the photo .
a grumpy hermit hatches a plan to steal christmas from the whos of whoville .
a journalist goes undercover to ferret out businessman harrison hill as her childhood friend 's killer . posing as one of his temps she enters into a game of online cat -and-mouse.
a teen living under house arrest becomes convinced his neighbor is a serial killer .
a young viking boy is left behind at a hostile tribe of american indians whom eventually accept him into the tribe and raise him . a personal war begins for the young viking when the vikings return years later and initiate a barbaric attack on the tribe and the woman he loves .
an action epic that explores the origins of master shake frylock and meatwad better known as the aqua teen hunger force who somehow become pitted in a battle over an immortal piece of exercise equipment .
when the young woman tristana 's mother dies she is entrusted to the guardianship of the well -respected though old don lope . don lope is well -liked and well -known because of his honorable nature despite his socialistic views about business and religion . but don lope 's one weakness is women and he falls for the innocent girl in his charge seduces her makes her his lover though all the while explaining to her that she is as free as he . but when she acts on this freedom don lope must deal with the consequences of his world -view.
a recently -singled new york writer finds herself in two surprising and complicated relationships .
an un -chronological look at the life of the little sparrow dith piaf her mother is an alcoholic street singer her father a circus performer her paternal grandmother a madam . during childhood she lives with each of them . at she 's a street singer discovered by a club owner who 's soon murdered coached by a musician who brings her to concert halls and then quickly famous . constant companions are alcohol and heartache . the tragedies of her love affair with marcel cerdan and the death of her only child belie the words of one of her signature songs "non je ne regrette rien ." the back and forth nature of the narrative suggests the patterns of memory and association .
wealthy brilliant and meticulous ted crawford a structural engineer in los angeles shoots his wife and entraps her lover . he signs a confession ; at the arraignment he asserts his rights to represent himself and asks the court to move immediately to trial . the prosecutor is willy beachum a hotshot who 's soon to join a fancy civil -law firm told by everyone it 's an open and shut case . crawford sees beachum 's weakness the hairline fracture of his character : willy 's a winner . the engineer sets in motion a clockwork crime with all the objects moving in ways he predicts .
charlie is an ex -teacher turned reluctant call center employee who gets fired on the first day . distraught at being unable to provide for his daughter emily and wife penelope he is suddenly contacted by gus an aspiring scam artist who presents charlie with a seemingly snag -free plan to make some cash : blackmail reverend smalls a man of the cloth who 's frequently turned up in the company database of visitors to illegal porn sites . gus plans to extort reverend smalls with the intention of publicly exposing his secret shame should he refuse thus potentially destroying the man 's career . normally cautious charlie is keen on participating in this scam confident that the money maker he 'll garner from the scam will finally help turn things around for him and his family . joined by one -time teenage pageant queen josie mcbroom gus 's ex the plan goes ahead ...but it all goes wrong as reverend smalls dies ...thanks to this trio with this only being the start of their troubles .
a married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room . they soon realize that unless they escape they 'll be the next victims of a snuff film .
a -year-old video enthusiast is so caught up in film fantasy that he can no longer relate to the real world to such an extent that he commits murder and records an on -camera confession for his parents .
a sleazy writer has a chance to redeem himself when he goes to stay with his grandmother and befriends the neighbors .
mr . bean enters a church raffle and wins a vacation trip to france as well as a camcorder . after boarding a eurostar train and arriving in paris the french language proves a barrier for bean as he struggles to get across the city to catch a train to the south of france from the gare de lyon . taking time to order a meal he finds the consumption of a seafood platter to be a challenge . just before catching his train he asks emil a russian film director on his way to be a judge at the cannes film festival to use his camcorder to record his boarding but accidentally causes emil being left behind at the station . bean attempts to cheer up the director 's son stepan as the train continues south but matters are made more hectic by the fact that emil has reported his son to have been kidnapped and bean losing his wallet and essential travel documents at a pay phone where he and stepan attempt to contact emil . heading in the direction of cannes bean finds himself in the cast and disrupting the flow of a commercial being shot by the egotistical director carson clay . he and stepan finally hitch a ride with the young and vivacious actress sabine who is heading to cannes to attend the premiere of clay 's film in which she appears . after bean sneaks into the showing his camcorder images are destined to enliven the proceedings .
a teenager is left invisible to the living after an attack .
fed up with her parents ' bickering poor -little-rich-girl maya (dylan penn ) moves in with her boyfriend who is squatting in an old condemned building on manhattan 's lower east side . with neighbors that are meth heads junkies and degenerates this depraved hell hole is even more toxic than it appears : after a virus born from their combined noxious waste and garbage infects the building 's residents one by one they succumb to a terrifying pathogen that turns them into bloodthirsty rampaging killers and transforms their building into a savage slaughterhouse .
peter parker has finally managed to piece together the once -broken parts of his life maintaining a balance between his relationship with mary -jane and his responsibility as spider -man. but more challenges arise for our young hero . peter 's old friend harry obsourne has set out for revenge against peter ; taking up the mantle of his late father 's persona as the new goblin and peter must also capture uncle ben 's real killer flint marko who has been transformed into his toughest foe yet the sandman . all hope seems lost when suddenly peter 's suit turns jet -black and greatly amplifies his powers . but it also begins to greatly amplify the much darker qualities of peter 's personality that he begins to lose himself to . peter has to reach deep inside himself to free the compassionate hero he used to be if he is to ever conquer the darkness within and face not only his greatest enemies but also ...himself.
the owner of a bank (miss bitterman ) wants to own the muppet theatre so she can build a nightclub over it . after she tricks pepe into giving her the only copy of the contract between her father and the muppets she changes it so the muppets have very little time to pay a debt they owe . meanwhile the muppets are trying to put on a christmas show . after the muppets are confronted by bitterman they make a lot of sacrifices to save up so they can keep the theatre .
director michael apted revisits the same group of british -born adults after a seven -year wait . the subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years .
innocent people are being brutally murdered on the streets of new york city by a uniformed police officer . as the death toll rises and city hall attempts a cover -up frank mccrae heads the investigation . a young cop jack forrest finds himself under arrest as the chief suspect having been the victim of a set -up by the real killer and a mysterious woman phone -caller. forrest his girlfriend theresa and mccrae set out to solve the puzzle before the maniac cop can strike again .
when a machine that allows therapists to enter their patients ' dreams is stolen all hell breaks loose . only a young female therapist paprika can stop it .
escaping to england from a french embezzlement charge widower henry scarlett is accompanied by daughter sylvia who to avoid detection "disguises" herself as a boy "sylvester." they are joined by amiable con man jimmy monkley then after a brief career in crime meet maudie tilt a giddy sexy cockney housemaid who joins them in the new venture of entertaining at resort towns from a caravan . through all this amazingly no one recognizes that sylvia is not a boy ...until she meets handsome artist michael fane and drama intrudes on the comedy .
anton belongs to the forces of the light as do his powerful girlfriend and apprentice but his son is a powerful teenager from the darkness and anton protects him . when the balance between light and darkness is affected by the death of some evil vampires anton is framed and accused of the murders and he chases an ancient chalk that has the power of changing the destiny of its owner .
a young boy becomes friends with a gang of skinheads . friends soon become like family and relationships will be pushed to the very limit .
grant and fiona anderson have been married for forty -four years . their marriage has been a generally happy and loving one although not perfect due to some indiscretions when grant was working as a college professor . fiona has just been admitted to meadowlake a long term care facility near their country home in southwestern ontario because her recent lapses of memory have been diagnosed as a probable case of alzheimer 's disease . she and grant made this decision together although a still lucid fiona seems to have made peace with the decision and her diagnosis more so than grant . with respect to the facility what grant has the most difficulty with are what he sees as the sadness associated with the facility 's second floor - where the more advanced cases are housed - but most specifically the facility 's policy of no visitors within the first thirty days of admission to allow the patient to adjust more easily to their new life there . based on what he sees when he is finally able to visit fiona grant ultimately makes a request of marian barque the wife of one of the other patients a semi -comatose aubrey barque with whom fiona has struck a friendship and who is now at home permanently with marian . the request is to see to both fiona and his own happiness in this unfortunate situation .
for fun -loving party animal ben stone the last thing he ever expected was for his one -night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she 's pregnant with his child .
pleasantly plump teenager tracy turnblad teaches baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local tv dance show .
six months after the rage virus was inflicted on the population of great britain the us army helps to secure a small area of london for the survivors to repopulate and start again . but not everything goes to plan .
in this dramatization of the jonestown massacre one woman comes face to face with history 's most notorious cult leader jim jones in a battle to save his people . on november one thousand americans took their lives in the name of revolutionary suicide a name mankind would interchange with jim jones . just days before the peoples temple church fell to mass suicide reporter jessica levin accompanies a united states congressman to investigate the living conditions in jonestown and allegations that jones employs psychological tricks and violence to trap his followers against their will . but the community is a sea of smiling faces that sing praises of their leader . in order to unveil the truth about jonestown jessica must go straight to its heart and confront jim jones himself .
conditions are spartan on dennis carson 's indochina rubber plantation during a dusty dry monsoon . the latest boat upriver brings carson an unwelcome guest : vantine a floozy from saigon hoping to evade the police by a stay upcountry . but carson initially uninterested soon succumbs to vantine 's ostentatious charms ...until the arrival of surveyor gary willis ill with malaria and his refined but sensuous wife barbara . now the rains begin and passion flows like water ...
when his new father -in-law king harold falls ill shrek is looked at as the heir to the land of far far away . not one to give up his beloved swamp shrek recruits his friends donkey and puss in boots to install the rebellious artie as the new king . princess fiona however rallies a band of royal girlfriends to fend off a coup d 'etat by the jilted prince charming .
a modern -day musical about a busker and an immigrant and their eventful week in dublin as they write rehearse and record songs that tell their love story .
i don 't know but keira knightley is a narrator and she is awesome .
earl brooks is a highly respected businessman and was recently named portland 's man of the year . he hides a terrible secret however : he is a serial killer known as the thumbprint killer . he has been attending aa meetings and has kept his addiction to killing under control for two years now but his alter ego marshall has re -appeared and is pushing him to kill again . when he does kill a couple while they are making love he is seen and photographed by someone who also has his own death and murder fetish . in a parallel story the police detective investigating the murder is having problems of her own . she is going through a messy divorce and a violent criminal who had vowed revenge some years before has escaped from prison and is after her .
a teenager faces an uphill battle when she fights to give women the opportunity to play competitive soccer .
flynn an over "professional student " is banned from more classes since he already has degrees . unexpectedly hired by a mysterious library he 's soon pursuing a stolen artifact from the library a pursuit taking him to far -off lands .
in wellington lily is a wallflower inexplicably attracted to jerrod a loser . he 's nursing a decade -long grudge against someone who teased him in high school ; she 's just out of a job . she goes home with him to a seacoast town where he intends to have it out with his nemesis ; she meets his father his daughter from a one -night stand and other family members - and there 's the memory of his talented (and dead ) brother . jerrod treats lily badly invents a relationship with a women he had a crush on years before and gears up for his fight . will she finally have enough and go home ?
on the day that a serial killer that he helped put away is supposed to be executed a noted forensic psychologist and college professor receives a call informing him that he has minutes left to live .
when art student ben willis is dumped by his girlfriend suzy he develops chronic insomnia after finding out how quickly she moved on . to pass the long hours of the night he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket . there he meets a colorful cast of characters all of whom have their own 'art' in dealing with the boredom of an eight -hour-shift. ben 's art is that he imagines himself stopping time . this way he can appreciate the artistic beauty of the frozen world and the people inside it - especially sharon the pretty and quiet checkout girl who perhaps holds the answer to solving the problem of ben 's insomnia .
the last time we saw danny ocean 's crew they were paying back ruthless casino mogul terry benedict after stealing millions from him . however it 's been a while since they 've come back together which is all about to change . when one of their own reuben tishkoff builds a hotel with another casino owner willy bank the last thing he ever wanted was to get cut out of the deal personally by the loathsome bank . bank 's attitude even goes so far as to finding the amusement in tishkoff 's misfortune when the double crossing lands reuben in the hospital because of a heart attack . however danny and his crew won 't stand for bank and what he 's done to a friend . uniting with their old enemy benedict who himself has a vendetta against bank the crew is out to pull off a major plan ; one that will unfold on the night bank 's newest hot spot opens up . they 're not in this for the money but for the revenge .
lucas and clementine live peacefully in their isolated country house but one night they wake up to strange noise ... they 're not alone ... and a group of hooded assailants begin to terrorize them throughout the night .
backpackers are in amsterdam where they get locked out of their youth hostel . they are invited into a man 's house where he tells them of a hostel somewhere in eastern europe where the women are all incredibly hot and have a taste for american men . when they get there everything is too good to be true - the hostel is "to die for "
the teenager and skateboarder alex is interviewed by detective richard lu that is investigating the death of a security guard in the rail yards severed by a train who was apparently hit by a skate board . while dealing with the separation process of his parents and the sexual heat of his virgin girlfriend jennifer alex writes his last experiences in paranoid park with his new acquaintances and how the guard was killed trying to relieve his feeling of guilty from his conscience .
this story follows a teenage rock hopper penguin named cody maverick from his hometown of shiverpool antarctica where all of the other penguins think he 's nothing but a surfing fool to the "big z memorial surf off " on pen gu island . young cody is determined to win the most important competition in the world of penguin surfing in honor of "big z " a deceased surfing legend whom he has idolized since childhood . but the waves in pen gu are different than in shiverpool and the competition is steep . the current champ egotistical tank evans isn 't just about to let this little penguin knock him from first place without a fight . when cody wipes out and encounters geek a recluse aging former surfer living in the jungle he learns some important lessons about life and surfing and even teaches geek a thing or two .
reed richards a brilliant but timid and bankrupt scientist is convinced that evolution can be triggered by clouds of cosmic energy and has calculated that earth is going to pass one of these clouds soon . together with his friend and partner the gruff yet gentle astronaut muscle -man ben grimm reed convinces his conceited mit classmate dr . victor von doom now ceo of his own enterprise to allow him access to his privately -owned space station . von doom agrees in exchange for control over the experiment and a majority of the profits from whatever benefits it brings . he thus brings aboard susan storm his shy though assertive chief genetics researcher and a former lover of reed 's with whom she had an acrimonious break -up and her diametrically opposed brother johnny the maverick and hot -headed playboy pilot . the astronauts make it home intact ; however before long they begin to mutate developing strange and amazing powers as a result of their exposure to the cloud ! reed is able to stretch like rubber ; sue can turn invisible and create force fields especially when angered ; johnny can produce fire at supernova temperatures and is able to fly ; and ben is transformed into "the thing " a large rock -like creature with super strength . after ben brooding about his situation on the brooklyn bridge inadvertently causes a major traffic pile -up whilst attempting to stop a man about to commit suicide the four manage to use their powers to prevent any loss of life and to rescue a fire truck and its crew from falling off the bridge in a resulting explosion . the media dubs the team the 'fantastic four ' and whilst johnny eagerly embraces his powers and new life ben - the most heavily disfigured - particularly suffers from his transformation ; his disfigurement has caused his fiance to abandon him and has seen him shunned and feared by much of new york . blaming himself reed vows to return ben to his human form and he sue and ben work on a cure constructing a healing chamber in reed 's high tech baxter building loft -turned-laboratory. during this time reed and susan begin to grow close once again and susan admits that she is not interested in victor but ended their relationship because reed feared to commit thinking only in terms of variables . unknown to the others however victor 's body is also mutating ; he is turning into organic metal capable of absorbing and manipulating electrical energy known as doctor doom . as a result of the disastrous expedition his company is going bankrupt and he is losing public stature ; blaming reed for his misfortunes victor swears revenge . and reed ben susan and johnny must defeat victor von doom and foil his evil plans once and for all .
teen detective nancy drew accompanies her father on a business trip to los angeles where she happens upon clues to a murder mystery involving a movie star .
in an earthly world resembling the a cloud of space radiation has shrouded the planet resulting in the dead becoming zombies that desire live human flesh . a company called zomcon ...
in austin texas the girlfriends julia arlene and shanna meet in a bar to drink smoke and make out with their boyfriends before traveling alone to lake lbj to spend the weekend together . they meet the former hollywood stuntman mike who takes pam out in his "death-proof" stunt car . fourteen months later mike turns up in lebanon tennessee and chase abernathy zo and kim but these girls are tough and decide to pay -back the attack .
in while bombing laos in a classified mission the propeller plane of the german -american us navy pilot dieter dengler is hit and crashes in the jungle . dieter is arrested by the peasants tortured by the vietcong and sent to a prisoner camp where he meets five other mentally deranged prisoners and guards . he becomes close to duane and organizes an escape plan ; however the unstable gene opposes to dieter 's plan . when they discover that there is no more food due to the constant american bombings in the area and their guards intend to kill them dieter sets his plan in motion . however an unexpected betrayal splits the group and dieter and duane find that the jungle is their actual prison .
in a polish prostitute is murdered in warsaw . suspicion falls on three generals and major grau of german intelligence seeks justice despite the ongoing atrocities committed during wwii .
a series of three documentaries about the use of fear for political gain .
follows the literal and associated life journey of middle class brit mick travis representing the "everyman" as he tries to make his mark in his so far young life . he is able to make great strides in his traditional view of success by being what those in authority want him to be . as such he achieves in a few weeks what it usually take years for others namely having his own sales territory - the northeast and ultimately scotland - for imperial coffee . he is also able to garner a plethora of fringe benefits from this job including women throwing themselves at his feet . but he will ultimately face a struggle in class and authority warfare which culminates with his encounter with the burgess family - wealthy industrialist sir james burgess and his daughter patricia who mick wants to marry - the former who is contemplating investing in the shady dealings in zingara . mick will also find that the class struggle not only applies in his case in an upward direction but also in a downward direction with the working class and the truly down and out . through it all alan price and his small combo act as a greek chorus of sorts providing commentary of mick 's travails through song .
a documentary comparing the highly profitable american health care industry to other nations and hmo horror stories including shotgun deaths .
the cynical and skeptical writer mike enslin writes books evaluating supernatural phenomena in hotels graveyards and other haunted places usually debunking the mystery . while writing his latest book he travels from los angeles to new york to spend one night in the dolphin hotel 's evil room which is permanently unavailable for guests . the reluctant manager mr . gerald olin objects to his request and offers an upgrade expensive booze and finally relates the death of more than fifty guests over decades in the cursed room . however mike threatens mr . olin promising to sue the hotel and is finally allowed to check into the room . later in the night he finds that guests of room once they have checked in might never leave the room alive .
daniel is a decent young man married to jane still living at his father 's home . when his father dies it is up to him to organize his funeral . on this painful morning the suitable grave expression on his face daniel is ready to welcome his father 's friends and relatives . but preserving the dignity inherent in such circumstances will be a hard task . particularly with an undertaker who botches his work the return from the usa of his famous but selfish brother his cousin 's fianc who has accidentally ingested drugs the presence a moron who takes advantage of the sad event to win back the heart (or rather the body ) of a woman who is about to marry another of a handicapped old uncle who is also the most unbearable pain in the neck . to cap it all daniel notices the presence among the mourners of a mysterious dwarf nobody else seems to know ...
when someone hacks into the computers at the fbi 's cyber crime division ; the director decides to round up all the hackers who could have done this . when he 's told that because it 's the of july most of their agents are not around so they might have trouble getting people to get the hackers . so he instructs them to get local pd 's to take care of it . and one of the cops they ask is john mcclane who is tasked with bringing a hacker named farrell to the fbi . but as soon as he gets there someone starts shooting at them . mcclane manages to get them out but they 're still being pursued . and it 's just when mcclane arrives in washington that the whole system breaks down and chaos ensues .
a reverend puts an engaged couple through a grueling marriage preparation course to see if they are meant to be married in his church .
god contacts congressman evan baxter and tells him to build an ark in preparation for a great flood .
a long time ago far away on the planet of cybertron a war is being waged between the noble autobots (led by the wise optimus prime ) and the devious decepticons (commanded by the dreaded megatron ) for control over the allspark a mystical talisman that would grant unlimited power to whoever possesses it . the autobots managed to smuggle the allspark off the planet but megatron blasts off in search of it . he eventually tracks it to the planet of earth (circa ) but his reckless desire for power sends him right into the arctic ocean and the sheer cold forces him into a paralyzed state . his body is later found by captain archibald witwicky but before going into a comatose state megatron uses the last of his energy to engrave into the captain 's glasses a map showing the location of the allspark and to send a transmission to cybertron . megatron is then carried away aboard the captain 's ship . a century later captain witwicky 's grandson sam witwicky (nicknamed spike by his friends ) buys his first car . to his shock he discovers it to be bumblebee an autobot in disguise who is to protect spike who possesses the captain 's glasses and the map engraved on them . but bumblebee is not the only transformer to have arrived on earth - in the desert of qatar the decepticons blackout and scorponok attack a u .s. military base causing the pentagon to send their special sector seven agents to capture all "specimens of this alien race ." spike and his girlfriend mikaela find themselves in the midst of a grand battle between the autobots and the decepticons stretching from hoover dam all the way to los angeles . meanwhile deep inside hoover dam the cryogenically stored body of megatron awakens .
top cover girl and fashion model jennifer tree has it all - beauty fame money and power . her face appears on covers of hundreds of magazines . at the top of her game jennifer is america 's sweetheart . she is loved and adored and sought after . everyone wants her . but someone out there has been watching and waiting . someone wants her in the worst way . out alone at a charity event in soho jennifer is drugged and taken . held captive in a cell jennifer is subjected to a series of terrifying life -threatening tortures that could only be conceived by a twisted sadistic mind . it follows the story of one woman who is abducted and tortured held against her will in a place where days turn into weeks .
with their warning about lord voldemort 's return scoffed at harry and dumbledore are targeted by the wizard authorities as an authoritarian bureaucrat slowly seizes power at hogwarts .
across the universe is a fictional love story set in the amid the turbulent years of anti -war protest the struggle for free speech and civil rights mind exploration and rock and roll . at once gritty whimsical and highly theatrical the story moves from high schools and universities in massachusetts princeton and ohio to the lower east side of manhattan the detroit riots vietnam and the dockyards of liverpool . a combination of live action and animation the film is paired with many songs by the beatles that defined the time .
two students from neighboring colleges in upstate new york are swept up in a tragic romantic interlude calling for a maturity of vision beyond their experience of capabilities . pookie adams ...
high school senior dorian begins a gay man 's odyssey when he determines that he 's gay and decides to come out . chief among concerns is the reaction of his father who has never liked him .
self -proclaimed stuntman rod kimble is preparing for the jump of his life - to clear fifteen buses to raise money for his abusive stepfather frank 's life -saving heart operation .
in a countryside town bordering on a magical land a young man makes a promise to his beloved that he 'll retrieve a fallen star by venturing into the magical realm .
in accordance with the navajos ' legend a thirteen year -old boy will finish with the curse of the powerful skinwalkers a .k.a. werewolves . the half -breed boy timothy is raised by his human mother rachel and protected by his skinwalkers relatives since he was born . his grandmother nana his uncle jonas his cousin katherine her boyfriend adam and their friend doak have kept the secret about his bloodline and neither timothy nor rachel know the tragic curse . a couple of days before timothy 's thirteenth birthday a pack of evil skinwalkers that had tasted blood leaded by the evil varek chases the boy while his family protects him .
after homer accidentally pollutes the town 's water supply springfield is encased in a gigantic dome by the epa and the simpson family are declared fugitives .
a master chef kate lives her life like she runs the kitchen at upscale bleecker restaurant in manhattan --with a no -nonsense intensity that both captivates and intimidates everyone around her . with breathtaking precision she powers through each hectic shift coordinating hundreds of meals preparing delicate sauces seasoning and simmering each dish to absolute perfection .
a rich kid becomes the self -appointed psychiatrist to the student body of his new high school .
bourne is once again brought out of hiding this time inadvertently by london -based reporter simon ross who is trying to unveil operation blackbriar --an upgrade to project treadstone --in a series of newspaper columns . bourne sets up a meeting with ross and realizes instantly they 're being scanned . information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories and bourne must finally ultimately uncover his dark past whilst dodging the company 's best efforts in trying to eradicate him .
four best friends start high school . each one is unique and likes their own thing . when meredith the most popular girl sees this she automatically knows they are trouble . eventually though cloe joins the soccer team and hangs out with them sasha joins the cheer leading squad and hangs out with the cheerleaders jade is part of the math club so she hangs out with them and yasmin is left all alone . after years of not talking to each other jade and yasmin speak a few words in the restroom but yasmin doesn 't have the courage to tell jade she misses her . then the four girls are reunited when they are sent to detention for causing a food fight . after the girls are reunited they find out they are not invited to a huge party given by meredith then cloe finds out that her mom got a job serving food at the party . they are forced to work for meredith then at the party meredith decides to expose yasmins secret which is her dancing and singing with a face mask . then yasmins friend (who she has a crush on ) starts doing a dance and then everybody joins in and meredith is humiliated . when meredith accidentally gets thrown into the pool she calls the four best friends "bratz." the girls then decide to be part of the talent show to win a scholarship . meredith is always the one who wins but the "bratz" are prepared to take her down . but when meredith finds she threatens yasmin by telling her that if she continued preparing for the show she would expose her friends secrets . yasmin decides to call everything off . at the end the girls still do the talent show and they tell everybody there secrets who turn out not to be so bad . the girls win and they each end up with their crushes . the girls decide to give cloe the scholarship . the movie ends with the girls walking down a red carpet .
catherine refuses to believe that her business partner the unlikeable franois has a best friend so she challenges him to set up an introduction . scrambling to find someone willing to pose as his best pal franois enlists the services of a charming taxi driver to play the part .
police find two bodies at an old murder scene and evidence to suggest the first victim 's husband is a murderer . the husband receives clues suggesting his deceased wife is actually alive and begins to investigate .
two students from the czech film academy commission a leading advertising agency to organize a huge campaign for the opening of a new supermarket named czech dream . the supermarket however ...
twelve jurors must decide the fate of a chechen adolescent charged with murdering his stepfather .
seth and evan are best friends inseparable navigating the last weeks of high school . usually shunned by the popular kids seth and evan luck into an invitation to a party and spend a long day with the help of their nerdy friend fogell trying to score enough alcohol to lubricate the party and inebriate two girls jules and becca so they can kick -start their sex lives and go off to college with a summer full of experience and new skills . their quest is complicated by fogell 's falling in with two inept cops who both slow and assist the plan . if they do get the liquor to the party what then ? is sex the only rite of passage at hand ?
the true life story of ralph waldo "petey" greene jr . in the mid -to-late in washington d .c. vibrant soul music and exploding social consciousness were combining to unique and powerful effect . it was the place and time for petey to fully express himself - sometimes to outrageous effect - and "tell it like it is ." with the support of his irrepressible and tempestuous girlfriend vernell the newly minted ex -con talks his way into an on -air radio gig . he forges a friendship and a partnership with fellow prison inmate milo 's brother dewey hughes . from the first wild morning on the air petey relies on the more straight -laced dewey to run interference at wol -am where dewey is the program director . at the station petey becomes an iconic radio personality surpassing even the established popularity of his fellow disc jockeys nighthawk and sunny jim . combining biting humor with social commentary petey openly courts controversy for station owner e .g. sonderling . petey was determined to make not just himself but his community heard during an exciting and turbulent period in american history . as petey 's voice humor and spirit surge across the airwaves with the vitality of the era listeners tune in to hear not only incredible music but also a man speaking directly to them about race and power in america like few people ever have . through the years petey 's "the truth just is " style --- on - and off -air - would redefine both petey and dewey and empower each to become the man he would most like to be .
after an attempted assassination on ambassador han inspector lee and detective carter are back in action as they head to paris to protect a french woman with knowledge of the triads ' secret leaders . lee also holds secret meetings with a united nations authority but his personal struggles with a chinese criminal mastermind named kenji which reveals that it 's lee 's long -lost...brother. but their race will take them across the city from the depths of the paris underground to the breathtaking heights of the eiffel tower as they fight to outrun the world 's most deadly criminals and save the day .
down -and-out former professional ping -pong phenom randy daytona is sucked into a maelstrom when fbi agent ernie rodriguez recruits him for a secret mission . randy is determined to bounce back and win and to smoke out his father 's killer -- arch -fiend feng .
a modern retelling of snow white set against students in their freshman year of college in the greek system .
a retired mma fighter turned trainer juggles keeping his mixed martial arts gym running and keeping his family united .
coming of age in plainsboro new jersey . high school student hal hefner stutters . on the evening his parents stop arguing and separate miles away at the state tournament his school 's legendary debater ben wekselbaum goes blank mid -sentence ben 's teammate ginny ryerson doesn 't get a first -place trophy and the world changes . that fall to hal 's amazement ginny recruits him for the debate team mentors him and will be his partner . he still has his stutter but he works hard and he falls in love with ginny . on the day of the first debate of the season the world changes again . from then until the day of the state tournament hal has a lot to sort out . is love rocket science ?
seeking to offer his son the satisfying summer camp experience that eluded him as a child the operator of a neighborhood daycare center opens his own camp only to face financial hardship and stiff competition from a rival camp .
in the aftermath of a hurricane a florida park ranger and his family deal with strange occurrences including luminescent creatures in the water and people that somehow seem to have changed after surviving the night of the disaster out in the open .
an fbi agent seeks vengeance on a mysterious assassin known as "rogue" who murdered his partner .
after graduating from montclair state new jersey girl annie can 't make up her mind about what to do with her life . after saving a little boy from being run over in the park she is quickly employed as a nanny for a rich upper east side couple . mr x is occupied with his business mrs x loves shopping and neither really likes to spend time with their little boy grayer . annie quickly learns that she has more than her hands full taking care of him . her busy schedule doesn 't give her much spare time . mrs x fired her last nanny because she was dating and that gives annie problems when harvard hottie who lives in the same building asks her out on a date .
the year is the night : halloween . police are called to lampkin ln . only to discover that year old judith myers has been stabbed to death by her year -old brother michael . after being institutionalized for years myers breaks out on the night before halloween . no one knows nor wants to find out what will happen on october besides myers ' psychiatrist dr . loomis . he knows michael is coming back to haddonfield but by the time the town realizes it it 'll be too late for many people .
nick hume is a mild -mannered executive with a perfect life until one gruesome night he witnesses something that changes him forever . transformed by grief hume eventually comes to the disturbing conclusion that no length is too great when protecting his family .
die -hard gamers compete to break world records on classic arcade games .
dr . bob shushan is an overworked and absent father who runs a centre for the mentally and physically challenged . when shushan suffers a heart attack his life is saved by james jones a ...
after an experimental bio -weapon is released turning thousands into zombie -like creatures it 's up to a rag -tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release .
a man named mr . smith delivers a woman 's baby during a shootout and is then called upon to protect the newborn from the army of gunmen .
an evening with kevin smith documents the director 's speaking tour through stops including cornell university indiana university kent state university university of wyoming and clark university . students from all schools ask kevin about anything ranging from his takes on religion to his relationship with jason mewes .
spoiler : when briony tallis years old and an aspiring writer sees her older sister cecilia and robbie turner at the fountain in front of the family estate she misinterprets what is happening thus setting into motion a series of misunderstandings and a childish pique that will have lasting repercussions for all of them . robbie is the son of a family servant toward whom the family has always been kind . they paid for his time at cambridge and now he plans on going to medical school . after the fountain incident briony reads a letter intended for cecilia and concludes that robbie is a deviant . when her cousin lola is raped she tells the police that it was robbie she saw committing the deed .
filmmaker guy maddin was born raised and has always lived in winnipeg manitoba a town where he says everyone sleepwalks through life . he is trying to escape winnipeg but isn 't sure how as he isn 't sure what 's kept him there in the first place . perhaps his parent 's month long wedding anniversary celebration (despite his father being dead for some years ) where he will reenact his childhood (with actors playing his family except his mother who plays herself ) in the old family home at ellis avenue which was above the family 's hair salon business will provide some answers . he recounts some civic events which have affected him and the life of winnipegers : the general strike the destruction of the wolseley elm in and the replacement of the iconic eaton 's building for the new hockey arena in favor of the old winnipeg arena . the latter has an especially close connection to him because of a family tie and the rich history of hockey in the city (discounting what he considers the failure of the nhl experiment ). as he is on the train leaving the city he hopes that the page "citizen girl " will be the panacea for all winnipeg 's issues .
romania the brutal ceausescu communist regime is in place ; birth control is illegal and abortion is a crime punishable by death . gabita (laura vasliu ) is almost five months into an unwanted pregnancy and in meek desperation turns to her friend and roommate otilia (anamaria marinca ) for help in organizing an illegal termination . unfortunate circumstances force the two women to use a male abortionist bebe (vlad ivanor ) who in addition to an absurd amount of money also demands sex with both women as payment . the bleakness of the storyline expresses a dark socio -political critique in the twilight years of a repressive dictatorship .
chronological look at the fiasco in iraq especially decisions made in the spring of - and the backgrounds of those making decisions - immediately following the overthrow of saddam : no occupation plan an inadequate team to run the country insufficient troops to keep order and three edicts from the white house announced by bremmer when he took over : no provisional iraqi government de -ba'athification and disbanding the iraqi armed services . the film has chapters (from history to consequences ) and the talking heads are reporters academics soldiers military brass and former bush -administration officials including several who were in baghdad in .
in victorian england the independent and headstrong bathsheba everdene attracts three very different suitors : gabriel oak a sheep farmer ; frank troy a reckless sergeant ; and william boldwood a prosperous and mature bachelor .
a retired military investigator works with a police detective to uncover the truth behind his son 's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in iraq .
rosie a divorced mother produces the has -been tv comedy you go girl . her boss no longer allows the show to tackle any vaguely controversial subjects so it seems doomed . then she meets at an audition adam perl an attractive spontaneously funny single actor . she successfully casts him which revives the show 's ratings . she also dates him but her pathological insecurity focused on their age difference compromises the relationship . that culminates when she suspects him of infidelity with the show 's star and the studio gives those two their own sitcom .
an adult nicknamed misty is narrating a story about one summer in his life when he was an adolescent in the late . he was living in a catholic orphanage in the australian outback . his best mates were the "december boys " - maps spark and spit - the four of them so named because they were the boys in the orphanage born in the month of december . with a recent windfall the orphanage decided to give each of the boys a group vacation for each of their birthdays the december boys the first to go . their vacation was to lady star cove on the australian coast to stay at the home of mrs . and mrs . mcansh - bandy and "skipper". their relatively carefree christmas vacation took a turn primarily from three events : learning the reason the mcanshes hosted the boys specifically at this time ; maps the oldest in his mid -teens exploring his sexuality with a girl named lucy who was also visiting lady star cove for the summer ; and misty secretly learning that a young couple in the cove fearless and teresa were thinking about adopting one of them the couple who were unable to conceive a child of their own . beyond the dreams of especially the younger three to be adopted by a loving family fearless had the extra wow factor of being a stunt motorcyclist as his profession . misty the youngest tried the hardest to be the one chosen even initially keeping the fact of fearless and teresa thinking about adopting one of them from the other three . misty concludes his story with the reason why he is telling it at this stage in his life .
five friends go out for the best night of their lives and their last together . to hunt for love cheap drinks and salvation .
in london the russian pregnant teenager tatiana arrives bleeding in a hospital and the doctors save her baby only . the russian descendant midwife anna khitrova finds tatiana 's diary written in russian language in her belongings and decided to find her family to deliver the baby she brings the diary home and ask her uncle stepan to translate the document . stepan refuses but anna finds a card of a restaurant owned by the russian semyon inside the diary and she visits the old man trying to find a lead to contact tatiana 's family . when she mentions the existence of the diary semyon immediately offers to translate the document . however stepan translates part of the diary and anna discovers that semyon and his sick son kirill had raped tatiana when she was fourteen years old and forced her to work as prostitute in a brothel of their own . further semyon is the dangerous boss of the russian mafia "vory v zakone " jeopardizing the safety of anna and her family . meanwhile semyon 's driver nikolai luzhin gets close to kirill and semyon climbing positions in the criminal organization but he helps anna her family and the baby .
a look at the career of consumer advocate ralph nader from wannabe presidential candidate to public pariah .
in treasure town life can be both peaceful and violent . this is never truer than for our heroes black and white - two street kids who claim to traverse the urban city as if it were their own . but in this town an undercurrent of evil exists and has its sights set on the pair of brothers forcing them to engage in battle with an array of old -world yakuza as well as dangerous assassins vying to rule the decaying metropolis treasure town .
when art student ben willis is dumped by his girlfriend suzy he develops chronic insomnia after finding out how quickly she moved on . to pass the long hours of the night he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket . there he meets a colorful cast of characters all of whom have their own 'art' in dealing with the boredom of an eight -hour-shift. ben 's art is that he imagines himself stopping time . this way he can appreciate the artistic beauty of the frozen world and the people inside it - especially sharon the pretty and quiet checkout girl who perhaps holds the answer to solving the problem of ben 's insomnia .
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called "the hive " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab "animals" that they were studying . the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit where they meet alice who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . the military team must shut down the computer and get out fighting their way past zombies mutants and the computer itself before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . alice must also come to terms with her slowly -returning memories .
early thirty -something dentist dr . charlie logan has never experienced true love despite having had a number of girlfriends over the years . after an announcement by one of his ex -girlfriends as such at her wedding charlie gets a reputation as being a good luck charm . every woman he has slept with has met and married her dream man immediately following . he is encouraged to exploit this reputation by his long time best friend dr . stu klaminsky a sex obsessed sex starved schlub who became a plastic surgeon just so that he could masturbate over the sight of women 's breasts . charlie doesn 't want to be solely a stepping stone for women which is how they end up treating him once he gains this reputation as a lucky charm but rather one 's true love . he believes the woman of his dreams is accident -prone cam wexler who works as the penguin caretaker at the aquarium . cam initially doesn 't want to date charlie because of his reputation as a one -night stand type of guy . charlie in turn doesn 't want to sleep with cam as he is certain she will find her true love after they do . cam 's true love seems destined to be penguin expert howard blaine . to get to true happiness charlie feels he needs to speak to anisha carpenter who he feels is the cause of his current problems . anisha ends up helping him in a way he doesn 't expect .
based on a true story . after graduating from emory university christopher mccandless abandoned his possessions gave his entire savings account to charity and hitchhiked to alaska to live in the wilderness . along the way christopher encounters a series of characters who shape his life .
after being mistreated by the guys at school ciera convinces her friends that they need to take action .
the restaurateur and womanizer jerrie meets the guest sara . a passionate but stormy relationship begins . sara is not like the other women jerrie has met . soon sara is the boss .
an immigrant resolves to desperate measures to survive in london in a bid to convince his family he is living the rich life they expect him to .
eddie is forty owns a sporting -goods store and is still single . after watching his ex -fiance walk down the aisle he meets lila an environmental researcher who seems too good to be true . pressured by his father and best friend eddie pops the question and marries lila after only weeks . however as he almost instantly discovers his new bride is a nightmare with more baggage than he can handle . she 's immature foolish a monster in bed owes a tremendous amount of money to various sources and as it turns out is only a volunteer and doesn 't actually have a job . while on their honeymoon in cabo eddie meets miranda a down -to-earth lacrosse coach who is visiting with her family . sparks fly and eddie falls for her . now comes the tricky part of breaking off his marriage to crazy lila all while keeping the truth from miranda about why he 's in cabo in the first place ...
a widower finds out the woman he fell in love with is his brother 's girlfriend .
a year after their father 's funeral three brothers travel across india by train in an attempt to bond with each other .
brooklyn . crime is rife especially drugs and drug violence . a russian thug is building his heroin trade while everyone laughs at the cops . brothers have chosen different paths : joe has followed his father bert into new york 's finest ; he 's a rising star . bobby who uses his mother 's maiden name manages a club . bobby too is on the rise : he has a new girlfriend and a green -light to develop a manhattan club . joe and bert ask him to help with intelligence gathering ; he declines . then joe raids bobby 's club to arrest the russian . from there things spiral out of control : the russian puts out a hit on joe personal losses mount and bobby 's loyalties face the test .
this film details the ascension to the throne and the early reign of queen elizabeth the first as played by cate blanchett . the main focus is the endless attempts by her council to marry her off the catholic hatred of her and her romance with lord robert dudley .
michael clayton a high -priced law firm 's fixer leaves a late night poker game gets a call to drive to westchester and watches his car blow up as he 's taking an impromptu dawn walk through a field . flash back four days . he owes a loan shark to cover his brother 's debts (michael's own gambling habits have left him virtually broke ). his law firm is negotiating a high -stakes merger and his firm 's six year defense of a conglomerate 's pesticide use is at risk when one of the firm 's top litigators goes off his meds and puts the case in jeopardy . while michael is trying to fix things someone decides to kill him . who ? meanwhile his son summarizes the plot of a dark fantasy novel .
in this comedy lars lindstrom is an awkwardly shy young man in a small northern town who finally brings home the girl of his dreams to his brother and sister -in-law's home . the only problem is that she 's not real - she 's a sex doll lars ordered off the internet . but sex is not what lars has in mind but rather a deep meaningful relationship . his sister -in-law is worried for him his brother thinks he 's nuts but eventually the entire town goes along with his delusion in support of this sweet natured boy that they 've always loved .
this is the story of an isolated alaskan town that is plunged into darkness for a month each year when the sun sinks below the horizon . as the last rays of light fade the town is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires bent on an uninterrupted orgy of destruction . only the small town 's husband -and-wife sheriff team stand between the survivors and certain destruction .
when year old amanda mccready disappears from her home and the police make little headway in solving the case the girl 's aunt beatrice mccready hires two private detectives patrick kenzie and angie gennaro . the detectives freely admit that they have little experience with this type of case but the family wants them for two reasons - they 're not cops and they know the tough boston neighborhood in which they all live . as the case progresses kenzie and gennaro face drug dealers gangs and pedophiles . when they are about to solve their case they are faced with a moral dilemma that could tear them apart .
royce and dexter are two slackers who live in the strange little town of weedsville . when royce 's girlfriend matilda overdose 's on their stash and dies they decide to bury her in an abandoned drive -in theater . things get out of control when they discover satanists performing a ritual sacrifice right where they were going to bury the body ...
taking place in the american northwest in the early the film dramatizes the last seven months in the life of famed outlaw jesse james beginning with the blue cut train robbery of and culminating in his assassination at the hands of robert ford the following april . in the time between these two fateful events the young and jealous ford befriends the increasingly mistrustful outlaw even as he plots his demise .
maggie a -year-old widow desperately needs some money to pay for a medical treatment for her ill grandson . after one attempt at trying to find a job maggie finds herself roaming the streets of london soho . her eye is caught by a small poster in the window of a 'shop' called "sexy world " which reads : "hostess wanted ". too desperate and lost to realize what she does she enters . micky the owner is embarrassed at first but intrigued by maggie he decides to have fun and offers her the job . maggie courageously gets to know her first anonymous customers eventually using irina palm as her stage name . maggie who applies herself in order to keep her job fascinates mickey .
in iran marjane 'marji' statrapi watches events through her young eyes and her idealistic family of a long dream being fulfilled of the hated shah 's defeat in the iranian revolution of . however as marji grows up she witnesses first hand how the new iran now ruled by islamic fundamentalists has become a repressive tyranny on its own . with marji dangerously refusing to remain silent at this injustice her parents send her abroad to vienna to study for a better life . however this change proves an equally difficult trial with the young woman finding herself in a different culture loaded with abrasive characters and profound disappointments that deeply trouble her . even when she returns home marji finds that both she and homeland have changed too much and the young woman and her loving family must decide where she truly belongs .
ian curtis is a quiet and rather sad lad who works for an employment agency and sings in a band called warsaw . he meets a girl named debbie whom he promptly marries and his band of which the name in the meantime has been changed to joy division gets more and more successful . even though debbie and he become parents their relationship is going downhill rapidly and ian starts an affair with belgium annik whom he met after one of the gigs and he 's almost never at home . ian also suffers from epilepsy and has no -good medication for it . he doesn 't know how to handle the feelings he has for debbie and annik and the pressure the popularity of joy division and the energy performing costs him .
explores austen 's adage that general incivility is at love 's essence . sylvia 's husband dumps her for another woman so bernadette and jocelyn organize a book club to distract her . they recruit sylvia 's daughter allegra ; prudie a young teacher whose marriage may be on the rocks ; and grigg a sci -fi fan who joins out of attraction to jocelyn . the six read and discuss one austen novel per month . jocelyn tries to interest grigg in sylvia ; allegra falls in love with a woman she meets skydiving ; prudie contemplates an affair with a student ; sylvia 's ex keeps popping up . in the discussions characters reveal themselves in their comments . by the end are truths universally acknowledged ?
a married silkworm smuggler herve joncour in century france who travels to japan to collect his clandestine cargo . while there he spots a beautiful japanese woman the concubine of a local baron with whom he becomes obsessed . without speaking the same language they communicate through letters until war intervenes . their unrequited love persists however and herve 's wife helene begins to suspect .
a tv series that follows the taylor -chatterjee family proprietors of a inspired b &b in margate .
despite jigsaw 's death and in order to save the lives of two of his colleagues lieutenant rigg is forced to take part in a new game which promises to test him to the limit .
uncompromising story of life in a borstal prison a british juvenile offender institution in the 's
tae -su a detective fighting organized crime returns to his hometown for his high school friend wang -jae's funeral . at the funeral he meets his old friends pil -ho dong -hwan and seok -hwan...
four year old marla olmstead from binghamton new york became the sensation of the art world for her abstract artwork which have sold for thousands of dollars per piece . the showing of her work started off as a lark but when the paintings sold without the buyers knowing who the artist was the media began to run with the story . through it all marla 's parents mark olmstead and laura olmstead want to be grounded in what is best for their daughter while exposing her to whatever positive may come from the experience . but some negative and big name media also surfaces some questioning whether marla is the real artist behind the work and some questioning exposing a four year old to such infamy . regardless the fact of this art selling brings up the legitimacy of abstract art being quantified as "quality" especially if a four year old can produce it but can 't express the emotions or rationale behind its creation . or is art truly in the eyes of the beholder ? regardless money in the art world as is much in life becomes the great equalizer .
in before the visit of the pope to rio de janeiro captain nascimento from bope (special police operation battalion ) is assigned to eliminate the risks of the drug dealers in a dangerous slum nearby where the pope intends to be lodged . captain nascimento is trying to find a man to replace him because his wife is pregnant and he intends to quit the command and become a trainer of the new recruits . meanwhile the two idealistic friends neto and matias join the military police force expecting to become honest policemen and fight the criminals . however they see only corruption lack of competence and stupid bureaucracy in the military police and after a serious incident in the morro da babilnia they decide to join the bope . the lives of capitain nascimento neto and matias are entwined along the next months first in the tough training period and then in action against drug dealers . nascimento believes that neto could be his substitute but his impulsive attitudes jeopardizes his choice . later the intelligent matias seems to be the correct choice but he needs to prove that he has heart .
a science -fiction writer recently widowed considers whether to adopt a hyper -imaginative -year-old abandoned and socially rejected boy who says he 's really from mars .
charles is a salt lake city civil servant who loves (*loves*) laura a lovely housewife with a lovely step -daughter and an a -frame-selling ex -quarterback husband named ox . his roommate is "an unemployed jacket salesman " his mother is a spacey laxative overdosing overly eccentric basket -case his perpetually happy sister finds love in the dorkiest of guys his step -father has a jones for turtle wax and his boss asks him for advice about his ivy league son 's sexual problems . he listens to janis joplin and dreams of getting laura back once and for all . he does everything in his power to win her back from ox and the lengths he goes to provide the structure of the film in this bittersweet romantic comedy ...a film that explores what happened to the woodstock generation when they transcended their idealism (i.e. it was expected that they fall in love and face the music of routine ). charles is perhaps the quintessential saint of this ideology .
following the death of his employer and mentor bumpy johnson frank lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the harlem district of manhattan . he does so by buying heroin directly from the source in south east asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the united states . as a result his product is superior to what is currently available on the street and his prices are lower . his alliance with the new york mafia ensures his position . it is also the story of a dedicated and honest policeman richie roberts who heads up a joint narcotics task force with the federal government . based on a true story .
barry b . benson a bee just graduated from college is disillusioned at his lone career choice : making honey . on a special trip outside the hive barry 's life is saved by vanessa a florist in new york city . as their relationship blossoms he discovers humans actually eat honey and subsequently decides to sue them .
needing extra cash two brothers conspire to pull off the perfect victimless crime . no guns no violence no problem . but when an accomplice ignores the rules and crosses the line his actions trigger a series of events in which no one is left unscathed .
forty -three year old elle magazine editor jean -dominique bauby - jean -do to his friends - awakens not knowing where he is . he is in a berck -sur-mer hospital where he has been for the past several weeks in a coma after suffering a massive stroke . although his cognitive facilities are in tact he quickly learns that he has what is called locked -in syndrome which has resulted in him being almost completely paralyzed including not being able to speak . one of his few functioning muscles is his left eye . his physical situation and hospitalization uncomfortably bring together the many people in his life including : cline desmoulins his ex -lover and mother of his children ; ins his current lover ; and his aged father who he calls papinou . among his compassionate recuperative team are his physical therapist marie and his speech therapist henriette . henriette eventually teaches him to communicate using a system where he spells out words : she reads out the letters of the alphabet in descending order of their use in the french language and he blinks his functioning left eye when she reaches the appropriate letter . although frustrating at start he learns to communicate effectively but slowly using this method so much so that with the help of claude a full time translator he decides on the monumental and seemingly impossible task to keep to his pre -injury commitment of writing a book changing its focus to life in his current state .
in rural texas welder and hunter llewelyn moss (josh brolin ) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong . rather than report the discovery to the police moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself . this puts the psychopathic killer anton chigurh (javier bardem ) on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money . as moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as chigurh closes in . meanwhile the laconic sherrif ed tom bell (tommy lee jones ) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart .
in passaic nj elroy fletcher runs a video store in a condemned building he claims was the birthplace of fats waller . fletcher goes on a waller centennial trip leaving his foster son mike in charge of the store . mike 's peculiar friend jerry tries to sabotage a power station and nearly electrocutes himself getting magnetized in the process . he inadvertently erases every tape in the store . mike and jerry hatch an plan to hide the disaster by making a homemade "ghostbusters" to rent to a woman whom fletcher will be phoning to check on them . soon with help their homemade versions of films develop a cult following . will this new business save the store and the building ? what about fats ?
the bizarre true story of linda riss and burt pugach .
the story of a charismatic young irish guitarist and a sheltered young cellist who have a chance encounter one magical night above new york 's washington square but are soon torn apart leaving in their wake an infant august rush orphaned by circumstance . now performing on the streets of new york and cared for by a mysterious stranger august uses his remarkable musical talent to seek the parents from whom he was separated at birth .
michael bosworth is a psychotic criminal who is about to go on trial however he seduces his lawyer into helping him escape . but as they try to make their getaway she 's left behind . he decides to wait for her to come to him so he decides to hide at the house of the cornells . now it appears that the cornells have problems of their own . the husband and wife are separated . and there 's an fbi agent after them who is using the lawyer to lead them to bosworth .
an impromptu goodbye party for professor john oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he has a longer and stranger past than they can imagine .
three stories told simultaneous in ninety minutes of real time : a republican senator who 's a presidential hopeful gives an hour -long interview to a skeptical television reporter detailing a strategy for victory in afghanistan ; two special forces ambushed on an afghani ridge await rescue as taliban forces close in ; a poli -sci professor at a california college invites a promising student to re -engage. decisions press upon the reporter the student and the soldiers .
set against the coming of christianity this is the story of the last hero : in a monstrous troll wreaks havoc in the mead hall of the danish king hrothgar . he offers rewards for the death of grendel so beowulf a great and boastful geat warrior arrives with his thanes . beowulf sets aside his armor and awaits the monster ; a fierce battle ensues that leads to beowolf 's entering the watery lair of grendel 's mother where a devil 's bargain awaits . beowulf returns to herot the castle and becomes king . jump ahead many years and the sins of the father are visited upon beowulf and his kingdom . the hero must face his weakness and be heroic once again . is the age of demons over ?
molly mahoney is the manager of mr . magorium 's wonder emporium the awesome toy store owned by mr . edward magorium . molly was a promising composer and piano player when she was a girl and now she is a twenty -three year -old insecure woman who feels stuck in her job . among the costumers of the emporium is the lonely hat collector eric applebaum who has only molly and mr . magorium for friends . when the last pair of shoes that mr . magorium bought in toscana is worn he hires the accountant henry weston to adjust the accounts of the emporium . furthermore he claims that he is two hundred and forty -three years old and his time to go has come ; he gives a block of wood called congreve cube to molly and asks henry to transfer the emporium to her name . molly tries to convince mr . magorium to stay in his magical toy store instead of "going".
during a three day heat wave just before a huge of july celebration an action star stricken with amnesia meets up with a porn star who is developing her own reality tv project and a policeman who holds the key to a vast conspiracy .
a down -on-his-luck ex -gi finds himself framed for an armored car robbery . when he 's finally released for lack of evidence --after having been beaten up and tortured by the police --he sets out to discover who set him up and why . the trail leads him into mexico and a web of hired killers and corrupt cops .
an examination of the genocide in sudan 's western region of darfur .
a random invitation to a halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art sparking a bloodbath of mishap mayhem and hilarity .
after a young actress unknowingly eats her roommate 's marijuana cupcakes her day becomes a series of misadventures .
in a small coastal town of fishermen in uruguay the biologist kraken works and lives in a house at the sea side with his wife suli and their aggressive fifteen year -old daughter alex . when suli welcomes her former best friend erika that comes with her husband the surgeon ramiro and their teenage son alvaro to spend a couple of days with her family kraken learns that his wife invited ramiro to operate alex . meanwhile alex and alvaro feel attracted by each other ; however alvaro finds that alex is hermaphrodite and she finds that alvaro is gay . but the troubled and outcast alex has the right to choose what gender she wants for her .
a princess who is prepared to be wed is sent away to new york by an evil queen where she falls in love with a lawyer .
a gun -for-hire known only as agent hired by a group known only as 'the organization ' is ensnared in a political conspiracy which finds him pursued by both interpol and the russian military as he treks across russia and eastern europe .
the story focuses on a man who suffers "anesthetic awareness " and finds himself awake and aware but paralyzed during heart surgery . his mother must wrestle with her own demons as a turn of events unfolds around them while trying to unfold the story hidden behind her son 's young wife .
it was no ordinary life for a young girl : living among scholars in the hallowed halls of jordan college and tearing unsupervised through oxford 's motley streets on mad quests for adventure . but lyra 's greatest adventure would begin closer to home the day she heard hushed talk of an extraordinary particle . microscopic in size the magical dust --discovered in the vast arctic expanse of the north --was rumored to possess profound properties that could unite whole universes . but there were those who feared the particle and would stop at nothing to destroy it . catapulted into the heart of a terrible struggle lyra was forced to seek aid from clans 'gyptians and formidable armored bears . and as she journeyed into unbelievable danger she had not the faintest clue that she alone was destined to win or to lose this more -than-mortal battle ...
robert neville is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man -made. immune neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of new york city and perhaps the world . for three years neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there . but he is not alone . mutant victims of the plague -- the infected -- lurk in the shadows ... watching neville 's every move ... waiting for him to make a fatal mistake . perhaps mankind 's last best hope neville is driven by only one remaining mission : to find a way to reverse the effects of the virus using his own immune blood . but he knows he is outnumbered ... and quickly running out of time .
in a tree farm three musically inclined chipmunks alvin simon and theodore find their tree cut down and sent to los angeles . once there they meet the frustrated songwriter david seville and despite a poor house wrecking first impression they impress him with their singing talent . seeing the opportunity for success both human and chipmunks make a pact for them to sing his songs . while that ambition proves a frustrating struggle with the difficult trio the dream does come true after all . however that success presents its own trials as their unscrupulous record executive ian hawke plans to break up this family to exploit the boys . can dave and the chipmunks discover what they really value amid the superficial glamor around them ?
fry a pizza guy is accidentally frozen in and thawed out new year 's eve .
margot and her son claude decide to visit her sister pauline after she announces that she is marrying less -than-impressive malcolm . in short order the storm the sisters create leaves behind a mess of thrashed relationships and exposed family secrets .
a masseuse is hired to massage all the guests that stop by the house of a wealthy patron . a physical intimacy without emotional attachment is present through the entire play . as the action ...
pot growers ben and chon face off against the mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend .
a group of reality show contestants find themselves fighting for their survival against a family of hideously deformed inbred cannibals who plan to ruthlessly butcher them all .
laura a former orphan raises her adopted son simn together with her husband carlos in an old house and former orphanage where she was raised . while at the orphanage simn tells laura that he has five invisible friends which she believes are a product of his active imagination . laura decides to reopen the orphanage to cater for disabled children and throws a party . during the party simn tries to persuade laura to go and take a look at his friends cabin but she 's too busy . later on she sees a mysterious masked boy and realizes that simn has also disappeared . laura feels the presence of other people in the house and months later laura invites a team of parapsychologists to try to unravel the mystery .
a tale told over four seasons starting in autumn when juno a -year-old high -school junior in minnesota discovers she 's pregnant after one event in a chair with her best friend bleeker . in the waiting room of an abortion clinic the quirky and whip -sharp juno decides to give birth and to place the child with an adoptive couple . she finds one in the pennysaver personals contacts them tells her dad and step -mother and carries on with school . the chosen parents upscale yuppies (one of whom is cool and laid back the other meticulous and uptight ) meet juno sign papers and the year unfolds . will juno 's plan work can she improvise and what about bleeker ?
a documentary about typography graphic design and global visual culture .
in the 's in afghanistan the pushtun boy amir and the hazara boy hassan who is his loyal friend and son of their hazara servant ali are raised together in amir 's father house playing and kiting on the streets of a peaceful kabul . amir feels that his wise and good father baba blames him for the death of his mother in the delivery and also that his father loves and prefers hassan to him . in return amir feels a great respect for his father 's best friend rahim khan who supports his intention to become a writer . after amir winning a competition of kiting hassan runs to bring a kite to amir but he is beaten and raped by the brutal assef in an empty street to protect amir 's kite ; the coward amir witness the assault but does not help the loyal hassam . on the day after his birthday party amir hides his new watch in hassam 's bed to frame the boy as a thief and force his father to fire ali releasing his conscience from recalling his cowardice and betrayal . in the russians invade afghanistan and baba and amir escape to pakistan . in they have a simple life in fremont california when amir graduates in a public college for the pride and joy of baba . later amir meets his countrywoman soraya and they get married . in after the death of baba amir is a famous novelist and receives a phone call from the terminal rahim khan who discloses secrets about his family forcing amir to return to peshawar in pakistan in a journey of redemption .
despondent over his breakup with desiree zia slashes his wrists and goes to an afterlife peopled by suicides a high -desert landscape dotted by old tires burned -out cars and abandoned sofas . he gets a job in a pizza joint . by chance zia learns that desiree offed herself a few months after he did and she 's looking for him . he sets off with eugene (an electrocuted russian rocker ) to find her and they pick up a hitchhiker mikal who 's looking for the people in charge believing she 's there by mistake . they 're soon at the camp of kneller where casual miracles proliferate . they hear rumors of a miraculous king . can zia find desiree ? then what ? where there 's death there 's hope .
a bbc adaptation of the victorian "penny dreadful " tale of century "demon barber " sweeney todd of fleet street who cuts the throats of unsuspecting clients in his london shop .
benjamin franklin gates descends from a family of treasure -seekers who 've all hunted for the same thing : a war chest hidden by the founding fathers after the revolutionary war . ben 's close to discovering its whereabouts as is his competition but the fbi is also hip to the hunt .
a story of family religion hatred oil and madness focusing on a turn -of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business .
in the early charlie wilson is a womanizing us congressional representative from texas who seemed to be in the minor leagues except for the fact that he is a member of two major foreign policy and covert -ops committees . however prodded by his major conservative supporter houston socialite joanne herring wilson learns about the plight the people are suffering in the brutal soviet occupation of afghanistan . with the help of the maverick cia agent gustav "gust" avrakotos wilson dedicates his canny political efforts to supply the afghan mujahideen with the weapons and support to defeat the soviet union . however charlie wilson eventually learns that while military victory can be had there are other consequences and prices to that fight that are ignored to everyone 's sorrow .
the up -and-down-and-up-again story of musician dewey cox whose songs would change a nation . on his rock 'n roll spiral cox sleeps with women marries three times has kids stars in his own tv show collects friends ranging from elvis to the beatles to a chimp and gets addicted to - and then kicks - every drug known to man ; but despite it all cox grows into a national icon and eventually earns the love of a good woman - longtime backup singer darlene .
a pawn shop proprietor buys used goods from desperate locals --as much to play perverse power games as for his own livelihood but when the perfect rump and a backed -up toilet enter his life he loses all control .
marshall texas described by james farmer jr . as "the last city to surrender after the civil war " is home to wiley college where in inspired by the harlem renaissance and his clandestine work as a union organizer professor melvin tolson coaches the debate team to a nearly -undefeated season that sees the first debate between u .s. students from white and negro colleges and ends with an invitation to face harvard university 's national champions . the team of four which includes a female student and a very young james farmer is tested in a crucible heated by jim crow sexism a lynch mob an arrest and near riot a love affair jealousy and a national radio audience .
henry roth : obsessive -compulsive somewhat misanthropic a writer of children 's books . his illustrator and only friend rudy dies after a fabulously successful collaboration on "marty the beaver ." henry is under contract to produce another marty book for christmas sales . his publisher arthur planck assigns penniless lovelorn illustrator lucy reilly to work with henry . she 's sought by her ex -boyfriend jeremy who dumped her two years ago but shows up apologetic having dedicated his new book to her . she and henry go to a house on the shore to work . will love bloom amid the rocks or is henry a bump on lucy 's road to jeremy ? rudy 's voice from the grave gives henry counsel .
a boy finds an interesting egg . his curiosity leads him to protect it and want to figure out what will come out of it . he didn 't realize that it would turn into something magical . the boy and the water horse grow a strong relationship together in this wonderful story .
the second war against the cylons is over and the twelve colonies have been destroyed . now commander adama of the battlestar galatica and president laura roslin lead a ragtag fleet of refugees in a supposed search for the fabled lost thirteenth colony earth . however the dangers they face are many which compound an already difficult situation . in addition to the cylons hunting and attacking the fleet in space and their infiltrator units carrying out sabotage -even as their former unwitting pawn gaius baltar helps in the hunt for them while hiding both his own guilt and the strange presence that haunts his every thought the fleet also faces internal political conflict in which the rabble -rousing figure tom zarek is merely the loudest dissenting voice not to mention recurring shortages of food water and even oxygen . in the midst of these trials however clues begin to appear to suggest that adama 's bluff about finding earth might hold more truthful than anyone could have guessed .
holly kennedy is beautiful smart and married to the love of her life - a passionate funny and impetuous irishman named gerry . so when gerry 's life is taken by an illness it takes the life out of holly . the only one who can help her is the person who is no longer there . nobody knows holly better than gerry . so it 's a good thing he planned ahead . before he died gerry wrote holly a series of letters that will guide her not only through her grief but in rediscovering herself . the first message arrives on holly 's birthday in the form of a cake and to her utter shock a tape recording from gerry who proceeds to tell her to get out and "celebrate herself ". in the weeks and months that follow more letters from gerry are delivered in surprising ways each sending her on a new adventure and each signing off in the same way ; p .s. i love you . holly 's mother and best friends begin to worry that gerry 's letters are keeping holly tied to the past but in fact each letter is pushing her further into a new future . with gerry 's words as her guide holly embarks on a journey of rediscovery in a story about marriage friendship and how a love so strong can turn the finality of death into a new beginning for life .
two things about jane : she never says no to her friends (she's been a bridesmaid times and selflessly plans friends ' weddings ) and she 's in love with her boss george nurturing dreams of a lovely romantic wedding of her own . she meets kevin a cynical writer who finds her attractive and that same week her flirtatious younger sister tess comes to town . jane silently watches george fall for tess a manipulative pretender . worse jane may be called upon to plan their wedding . meanwhile kevin tries to get jane 's attention and has an idea that may advance his career . can jane uncork her feelings ?
brazilian baroque . the young son that ran from his dominant family descends into decadence and then returns to the nest . with melodramatic themes of tyrannical fathers incest fierce family conflicts and an overheated and intense visual style to match .
based on the korean legend unknown creatures will return and devastate the planet . reporter ethan kendrick is called in to investigate the matter and he arrives at the conclusion that a ...
a band comprised of members of the egyptian police force head to israel to play at the inaugural ceremony of an arab arts center only to find themselves lost in the wrong town .
a television reporter and cameraman follow emergency workers into a dark apartment building and are quickly locked inside with something terrifying .
set in the kingdom of ehb the story follows farmer (jason statham ) who was adopted by his village . when farmer 's wife solana (claire forlani ) and his son leave to sell vegetables at the town of stonebridge farmer 's farm is attacked by creatures called krugs . with the help of his friend and neighbor norrick (ron perlman ) he travels to stonebridge where his wife and son are . before he arrives the krugs controlled by the wizard gallian (ray liotta ) kill his son and capture his wife . farmer with the help of bastian (will sanderson ) his brother -in-law and norrick sets out to find and rescue his wife . the king 's nephew fallow (matthew lillard ) is conspiring with the wizard gallian to take over the kingdom led by king konreid ('burt reynolds ').
set in london where a soon to retire caretaker convinces a glass -ceiling constrained american executive to help him steal a handful of diamonds from their employer the london diamond corporation .
cloverfield follows five new yorkers from the perspective of a hand -held video camera . the movie is exactly the length of a dv tape and a sub -plot is established by showing bits and pieces of video previously recorded on the tape that is being recorded over . the movie starts as a monster of unknown origin destroys a building . as they go to investigate parts of the building and the head of the statue of liberty come raining down . the movie follows their adventure trying to escape and save a friend a love interest of the main character .
a former cop who now earns a wage as a crime scene cleaner unknowingly participates in a cover -up at his latest job .
to show solidarity with palestinians amercian peace activist rachel corrie engaged in civil disobedience in a combat zone in the gaza strip ; the circumstances that led to her death by bulldozer (or its debris ) are still debated .
the lives and romantic entanglements of a group of young adults who have achieved "overnight" success in los angeles .
arranged centers on the friendship between an orthodox jewish woman and a muslim woman who meet as first -year teachers at a public school in brooklyn . over the course of the year they learn ...
a high -school girl named makoto acquires the power to travel back in time and decides to use it for her own personal benefits . little does she know that she is affecting the lives of others just as much as she is her own .
a secret service agent jennifer marsh gets caught in a very personal and deadly cat -and-mouse game with a serial killer who knows that people (being what they are - both curious and drawn to the dark side of things ) will log onto an "untraceable" website where he conducts violent and painful murders live on the net . the more people who log on and enter the website the quicker and more violently the victim dies .
vietnam veteran john rambo has survived many harrowing ordeals in his lifetime and has since withdrawn into a simple and secluded existence in thailand where he spends his time capturing snakes for local entertainers and chauffeuring locals in his old pt boat . even though he is looking to avoid trouble trouble has a way of finding him : a group of christian human rights missionaries led by michael burnett and sarah miller approach rambo with the desire to rent his boat to travel up the river to burma . for over fifty years burma has been a war zone . the karen people of the region who consist of peasants and farmers have endured brutally oppressive rule from the murderous burmese military and have been struggling for survival every single day . after some inner contemplation rambo accepts the offer and takes michael sarah and the rest of the missionaries up the river . when the missionaries finally arrive at the karen village they find themselves part of a raid by the sadistic major pa tee tint and a slew of burmese army men . a portion of the villagers and missionaries are tortured and viciously murdered while tint and his men hold the remainder captive . concerned by their disappearance the minister in charge of the mission gathers a group of mercenaries and pleas rambo transport them with his boat since he knows their last exact location . but rambo can 't stay behind : he joins the team where he belongs to liberate the survivors from the clutches of major tint in what may be one of his deadliest missions ever
the heroic spartan king leonidas armed with nothing but leather underwear and a cape leads a ragtag bunch of spartan misfit warriors to defend their homeland against thousands of invading persians whom include the ghost rider rocky balboa the autobots and an ugly hunchbacked paris hilton and a shaved -head brittany spears .
in this continuation to the adventure of the demon superhero an evil elf breaks an ancient pact between humans and creatures as he declares war against humanity . he is on a mission to release the golden army a deadly group of fighting machines that can destroy the human race . as hell on earth is ready to erupt hellboy and his crew set out to defeat the evil prince before the golden army can destroy humanity 's existence .
london based hit men ray and ken are told by their boss harry waters to lie low in bruges belgium for up to two weeks following their latest hit which resulted in the death of an innocent bystander . harry will be in touch with further instructions . while they wait for harry 's call ken following harry 's advice takes in the sights of the medieval city with great appreciation . but the charms of bruges are lost on the simpler ray who is already despondent over the innocent death especially as it was his first job . things change for ray when he meets chloe part of a film crew shooting a movie starring an american dwarf named jimmy . when harry 's instructions arrive ken for whom the job is directed isn 't sure if he can carry out the new job especially as he has gained a new appreciation of life from his stay in the fairytale bruges . while ken waits for the inevitable arrival into bruges of an angry harry who feels he must clean up matters on his own ray is dealing with his own problems not only with harry but with a canadian couple and a half -blind thief named eirik . ray hopes he can count on both chloe and ken to help him carve out a new life for himself . in the end harry involved in an incident with jimmy may have to keep to his own principles .
a romantic comedy centered on the daily lives of five lebanese women living in beirut .
as the front man of the clash from onwards joe strummer changed people 's lives forever . four years after his death his influence reaches out around the world more strongly now than ever before . in "the future is unwritten " from british film director julien temple joe strummer is revealed not just as a legend or musician but as a true communicator of our times . drawing on both a shared punk history and the close personal friendship which developed over the last years of joe 's life julien temple 's film is a celebration of joe strummer - before during and after the clash .
still a stranger to her own body a high school student discovers she has a physical advantage when she becomes the object of male violence .
benjamin finnegan is a deep -sea treasure hunter certain he 's onto the find of the century in waters near an island close to key west owned by a murderous rap star to whom ben is in debt . ben 's flat broke and recently divorced from tess his long -time research and diving partner whom he still loves . she 's nearby working as a steward aboard the yacht of nigel honeycutt a multimillionaire . the rapper has hired a rival treasurer hunter . can ben convince nigel to bankroll his search convince tess to work with him keep the rapper and his thugs at bay and find a spanish treasure hidden for centuries and rich beyond imagination ?
a documentary about the disastrous round -the-world yacht race .
the local disability support group visits an involuntary member not realizing that it will bring them to a critical mass .
david rice is a high school student in ann arbor abandoned by his mother at five living with his callous alcoholic father enamored with millie a fellow student and picked on by at least one classmate . on a winter 's day while about to drown he discovers he can transport himself instantaneously to anyplace on earth . he runs away from home goes to new york city robs a bank vault and comes to the attention of a shadowy group of government hunters . eight years later the hunters led by the murderous roland get a fix on david . he heads home searches out millie invites her to travel with him and only later realizes that roland and his crew are seriously deadly . is everyone close to david in danger ?
angie gets the sack from a recruitment agency for bad behaviour in public . seizing the chance she teams up with her flatmate rose to run a similar business from their kitchen . with ...
a political consultant tries to explain his impending divorce and past relationships to his -year-old daughter .
the president of the united states is in salamanca spain about to address the city in a public square . we see a plain -clothes cop his girlfriend with another man a mother and child an american tourist with a video camera and a secret service agent newly returned from medical leave . shots ring out and the president falls ; a few minutes later we hear a distant explosion then a bomb goes off in the square . those minutes are retold several times emphasizing different characters ' actions . gradually we discover who 's behind the plot . is the secret service one step ahead or have the president 's adversaries thought of everything ?
once upon a time upon moving into the run -down spiderwick estate with their mother twin brothers jared and simon grace along with their sister mallory find themselves pulled into an alternate world full of faeries and other creatures . unable to explain the strange disappearances and accidents that seem to be happening on a daily basis the family blames it all on jared . when he simon and mallory investigate what 's really going on they uncover the fantastic truth of the spiderwick estate and of the creatures that inhabit it .
romantic sparks occur between two dance students from different backgrounds at the maryland school of the arts .
the story centers on a small -town sheriff who witnesses what he believes is a kidnapping and rushes to rescue a woman . the kidnappers turn out to be fbi agents assigned to protect her and ...
a sumptuous and sensual tale of intrigue romance and betrayal set against the backdrop of a defining moment in european history : two beautiful sisters anne and mary boleyn driven by their family 's blind ambition compete for the love of the handsome and passionate king henry viii .
jackie moon the owner -coach-player of the american basketball association 's flint michigan tropics rallies his teammates to make their nba dreams come true
alex gibney exposes the haunting details of the usa 's torture and interrogation practices during the war in afghanistan .
forty -two year old famed composer /playwright george webber is going through a midlife crisis . he is seriously dating thirty -eight year old actress /singer samantha taylor who he loves although he admits their connection is more intellectual than it is emotional . she in turn loves him despite barely tolerating his often infantile behavior . this behavior includes spying on a neighbor 's sexual encounters with a wide array of women this spying about which the neighbor knows as he does it himself . driving one day george spots a young woman who he believes is the most beautiful creature he 's ever seen - an "eleven" on a scale of ten tens which he didn 't believe existed before her . beyond the fact that she is probably half his age a problem with george 's infatuation is that she is just off to her own wedding . george and sam 's relationship takes a hit with an argument which is further exacerbated by a series of misunderstandings . as such george decides to pursue the woman of his dreams with all his energy . he learns her name is jenny miles now married jenny hanley and he is able to follow her to a mexican resort where she and her husband david hanley are honeymooning . in his pursuit of jenny his encounter with a lonely woman named mary lewis who is vacationing at the resort and his discussions with his gay lyricist hugh concerning his relationship with his much younger trophy husband larry george may come to a clearer picture of what he is doing in mexico and how he truly feels about sam .
business is slow for terry leather a london car dealer married with children . he 's an artful dodger so martine a former model with a thing for him brings him her scheme : a bank 's alarm is off for a couple weeks so let 's tunnel into the vault . he assembles a team not realizing her real goal is a safe -deposit box with compromising photos of a royal : she needs the photos to trade for avoiding a jail sentence - and mi or is it mi is pulling the strings two steps removed . a trinidadian thug a high -end bordello owner and a pornographer also have things stored in the vault so the break -in threatens many a powerful personage . is there any way these amateurs can pull it off ?
a futuristic action thriller where a team of people work to prevent a disaster threatening the future of the human race .
one day horton the elephant hears a cry from help coming from a speck of dust . even though he can 't see anyone on the speck he decides to help it . as it turns out the speck of dust is home to the whos who live in their city of whoville . horton agrees to help protect the whos and their home but this gives him nothing but torment from his neighbors who refuse to believe that anything could survive on the speck . still horton stands by the motto that "after all a person is a person no matter how small ."
an undercover fbi agent who has infiltrated a counterfeiting operation almost has his cover blown through a mistaken identity . it 's all in the family in this light -hearted mob "family" who done it .
while writing a term paper a woman gets involved in a mysterious unsolved case which leads her and her professor into the darkness of his past .
pratham starts loving kushi and proposes her but everyone thinks he was trying to fool her as it was april . at her wedding reception pratham gives her a rose and announces in front of all that he loves her . finally quits his job much to kushi 's dismay . when another woman enters his life the heart -broken pratham decides to start life afresh .
in this modern -day romantic tale penelope is about a young girl 's inspiring journey a mysterious family secret and the power of love . with all odds against her in order for penelope to break the family curse she must find true love with "one of her own kind " and realize the most important life lesson "i like myself the way i am ." penelope wilhern born to wealthy socialites is afflicted by the wilhern spell that can only be broken when she finds love . hidden away in her family 's estate the lonely girl meets a string of suitors in her parents ' futile attempt to break the curse . each eligible bachelor is enamored with penelope and her sizable dowry ; until her curse is revealed . lemon a mischievous and eager tabloid reporter wants a photograph of the mysterious penelope and hires max to pose as a prospective suitor to get the shot . the handsome down -on-his luck gambler finds himself falling for penelope but not wanting to disappoint her or to expose his surreptitious ways he decides to disappear . fed up by his latest betrayal and determined to live life on her own terms penelope breaks free from her family and ventures into the world alone . she finds adventure and annie her first friend and becomes the person she was meant to be .
best buddies acerola and laranjinha about to turn discover things about their missing fathers ' pasts which will shatter their solid friendship in the middle of a war between rival drug gangs from rio 's favelas .
archival footage animation and music are used to look back at the eight anti -war protesters who were put on trial following the democratic national convention .
this film gathers information from many sources and puts it together in a way that shows it is possible for people to be manipulated by large institutions governments and economic powers . it is divided into parts . . religion : pagan astrological beliefs compared to modern and ancient religions . . an overview of the numerous questionable aspects of this immensely important event . . the federal reserve bank : a history of its formation and ability to control the economy . with many news clips from tragic events in history audio excerpts from those who believe people are being misled about the level of freedom they have .
in the summer of sigur rs returned home to play a series of free unannounced concerts for the people of iceland . this film documents their already legendary tour with intimate reflections from the band and a handful of new acoustic performances .
two weeks in the life of a fading hollywood producer who 's having a rough time trying to get his new picture made .
a story of amour fou . walt is madly in love /lust with a young illegal mexican immigrant . however the object of his unrequited affection doesn 't even speak any english and finds walt really strange and undesirable .
jonathan a naive country boy gets a scholarship to a classy prep school where he rooms with suave rich and handsome skip . skip decides it is his duty to see that jonathan loses his virginity so he sends jonathan to chicago where jonathan meets ellen a beautiful older woman and they be - gin an affair which ends abruptly when ellen discovers jonathan is . during christmas break jonathan visits skip 's house and discovers that ellen is skip 's mother . ellen tells jonathan to leave when he rejects her advances but then begins calling him and begging to see him . finally jonathan agrees to meet her and plans to end the affair but ellen seduces him --and that 's when skip who followed jonathan discovers them .
set in the dark ages a time of fear magic and mystery . ancient evil is about to be unleashed on the land and the only hope is the sharp sword the pure heart and the mysterious force that protects the 'chosen one ' ivanhoe .
a frustrated and conflicted teenager arrives at a new highschool to discover an underground fightclub and meet a classmate who begins to coerce him into fighting .
the year is and napoleon held prisoner by the british on the island of st . helena is telling the young english girl betsy his life story . his meteoric rise to military prominence ...
homeless veteran bob 'drillbit' taylor manages to enjoy life anyhow and even saves some cash for his dream an 'all-paid' move to alaska even if that may take many years . his dream comes within reach when clever nerd wade has fat friend ryan 't-dog' and cocky shrimp jim all new to high -school are bullied so badly by emancipated filkins and his buddies that they advertise for a bodyguard . only drillbit seems affordable and not crazy so he 's hired and drains their pocket -money and home content . he 's clueless how to protect them but gives them (bogus) self -defense classes .
a young mexican boy travels to the u .s. to find his mother after his grandmother passes away .
is the fact -based story about six mit students who were trained to become experts in card counting and subsequently took vegas casinos for millions in winnings .
a romantic comedy set against the backdrop of america 's nascent pro -football league in . dodge connolly a charming brash football hero is determined to guide his team from bar brawls to packed stadiums . but after the players lose their sponsor and the entire league faces certain collapse dodge convinces a college football star to join his ragtag ranks . the captain hopes his latest move will help the struggling sport finally capture the country 's attention . welcome to the team carter rutherford america 's favorite son . a golden -boy war hero who single -handedly forced multiple german soldiers to surrender in wwi carter has dashing good looks and unparalleled speed on the field . this new champ is almost too good to be true and lexie littleton aims to prove that 's the case . a cub journalist playing in the big leagues lexie is a spitfire newswoman who suspects there are holes in carter 's war story . but while she digs the two teammates start to become serious off -field rivals for her fickle affections . as the new game of pro -football becomes less like the freewheeling sport he knew and loved dodge must both fight to keep his guys together and to get the girl of his dreams . finding that love and football have a surprisingly similar playbook however he has one maneuver he will save just for the fourth quarter ...
martin scorsese and the rolling stones unite in "shine a light " a look at the rolling stones ." scorcese filmed the stones over a two -day period at the intimate beacon theater in new york city in fall . cinematographers capture the raw energy of the legendary band .
birth : it 's a miracle . a rite of passage . a natural part of life . but more than anything birth is a business . compelled to find answers after a disappointing birth experience with her first child actress ricki lake recruits filmmaker abby epstein to explore the maternity care system in america . focusing on new york city the film reveals that there is much to distrust behind hospital doors and follows several couples who decide to give birth on their own terms . there is an unexpected turn when director epstein not only discovers she is pregnant but finds the life of her child on the line . should most births should be viewed as a natural life process or should every delivery be treated as a potential medical emergency ?
two cabbies search san francisco 's chinatown for a mysterious character who has disappeared with their their quest leads them on a humorous if mundane journey which illuminates the ...
four months after the death of her husband a woman on the brink of motherhood is tormented in her home by a strange woman who wants her unborn baby .
a young girl inhabits an isolated island with her scientist father and communicates with a reclusive author of the novel she 's reading .
a successful stage director plans to put on an outdoor production of a previously unknown play by a famous writer but is haunted by his past in the form of the actors and crew with whom he has to work .
peter is a composer and a likable sad sack who 's devastated when his girlfriend of five years sarah marshall the star of a cheesy csi -style crime show dumps him . he weeps he rails he mopes . finally his step -brother brian suggests hawaii so peter heads for a resort on oahu where as he 's checking in he sees sarah and her new beau aldous a polymorphously perverse english rocker . the weeping and moping start again until peter is rescued by rachel a thoughtful hotel clerk who invites him to a luau and to hang out . although he constantly runs into sarah and aldous peter starts to come alive again . will sarah realize what she 's lost and what about rachel ?
orphaned high school student rick riker is bitten by a radioactive dragonfly develops super powers (except for the ability to fly ) and becomes a hero .
lapd detective tom ludlow is a ruthlessly efficient unorthodox undercover cop . captain jack wander always covers for tom as do even his somewhat jealous colleagues . after technically excessive violence against a vicious korean gang during the liberation of a kidnapped kid sex slave tom becomes the target of ia 's hotshot captain james biggs who feels passed over after wander 's promotion to chief . tom 's corrupt disloyal ex -patrol partner terrence washington sides with ia but is killed during a shop robbery in tom 's presence .
the plot revolves around fatima who is troubled by a vision of a mysterious person since her childhood . after years of psychological problems she wants to confront the vision . the film ...
after being mistaken for terrorists and thrown into guantnamo bay stoners harold and kumar escape and return to the u .s. where they proceed to flee across the country with federal agents in hot pursuit .
the story begins with speed racer who is a young man with natural racing instincts whose goal is to win the crucible a cross -country car racing rally that took the life of his older brother rex racer . speed is loyal to the family business run by his parents pops and mom . pops designed speed 's car the mach . the owner of royalton industries makes speed a lucrative offer speed rejects the offer angering the owner . speed also uncovers a secret that top corporate interests including royalton are fixing races and cheating to gain profit . with the offer to speed denied royalton wants to ensure that speed will not win races . speed finds support from his parents and his girlfriend trixie and enters the crucible in a partnership with his one -time rival racer x seeking to rescue his family 's business and the racing sport itself .
an american teenager who is obsessed with hong kong cinema and kung -fu classics makes an extraordinary discovery in a chinatown pawnshop : the legendary stick weapon of the chinese sage and warrior the monkey king . with the lost relic in hand the teenager unexpectedly finds himself traveling back to ancient china to join a crew of warriors from martial arts lore on a dangerous quest to free the imprisoned monkey king .
a look at a few chapters in the life of poppy a cheery colorful north london schoolteacher whose optimism tends to exasperate those around her .
bill maher interviews some of religion 's oddest adherents . muslims jews and christians of many kinds pass before his jaundiced eye . maher goes to a creationist museum in kentucky which shows that dinosaurs and people lived at the same time years ago . he talks to truckers at a truckers ' chapel . (sign outside : "jesus love you .") he goes to a theme park called holy land in florida . he speaks to a rabbi in league with holocaust deniers . he talks to a muslim musician who preaches hatred of jews . maher finds the unlikeliest of believers and in a certain vatican priest he even finds an unlikely skeptic .
son of rambow is the name of the home movie made by two little boys with a big video camera and even bigger ambitions . set on a long english summer in the early son of rambow is a comedy about friendship faith and the tough business of growing up . we see the story through the eyes of will the eldest son of a fatherless plymouth brethren family . the brethren regard themselves as god 's 'chosen ones ' and their strict moral code means that will has never been allowed to mix with the other 'worldlies' listen to music or watch tv until he finds himself caught up in the extraordinary world of lee carter the school terror and maker of bizarre home movies . carter exposes will to a pirate copy of rambo : first blood and from that moment will 's mind is blown wide open and he 's easily convinced to be the stuntman in lee carters ' diabolical home movie . will 's imaginative little brain is not only given chance to flourish in the world of film making but is also very handy when it comes to dreaming up elaborate schemes to keep his partnership with lee carter a secret from the brethren community . will and carter 's complete disregard for consequences and innocent ambition means that the process of making their film is a glorious roller -coaster that eventually leads to true friendship . they start to make a name for themselves at school as movie makers but when popularity descends on them in the form of the pied piper -esque french exchange student didier revol their unique friendship and their precious film are pushed quite literally to breaking point .
determined to find out the true effects of marijuana on the human body stand -up comedian and former stoner of the year doug benson documents his experience avoiding pot for days and then consuming massive amounts of the drug for days . more than just an amusing story of one man 's quest to get superhigh this documentary also examines the hotly contested debate over medical marijuana use .
tarzan 's jungle home and his family jane and boy are threatened by men greedy for gold .
a successful single businesswoman who dreams of having a baby discovers she is infertile and hires a working class woman to be her unlikely surrogate .
jack is the head writer for a successful soap opera and he 's sweet on the show 's star lovely laura . it 's easy for everyone but jack to see that she 's playing him for a sap . but a conk on the head brings jack some new insights - and some new powers . he finds himself in ashford falls site of his fictional soap opera -- and everything he writes comes true ! it 's a fantastic opportunity to get rachel laura 's character to fall in love with him . but life isn 't easy even in the fictional world and even when you 're the author !
donna 's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends .
after being held captive in an afghan cave billionaire engineer tony stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil .
made of honor revolves around tom and hannah who have been platonic friends for years . he 's a serial dater while she wants marriage but hasn 't found mr . right . just as tom is starting to think that he is relationship material after all hannah gets engaged . when she asks tom to be her "maid" of honor he reluctantly agrees just so he can attempt to stop the wedding and woo her .
in paris a young american who works as a michael jackson lookalike meets marilyn monroe who invites him to her commune in scotland where she lives with charlie chaplin and her daughter shirley temple .
a retired cia agent travels across europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter who has been kidnapped while on a trip to paris .
cab driver michael and supermodel sarah fall in love while her gorgeous husband phillippe is in madrid for two months .
an interstellar teleportation device found in egypt leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient egyptians who worship the god ra .
the lives of the participants in a trial with significant racial motives are forever changed during the legal process .
set in sin city story revolves around two people who discover they 've gotten married following a night of debauchery with one of them winning a huge jackpot after playing the other 's quarter . unhappy pair try to undermine each other and get their hands on the money -- falling in love along the way .
while travelling to visit their grandfather two children are told the story of a family curse that has lasted two hundred years . during napoleon 's italian invasion elisabetta benedetti fell in love with french soldier jean - but while jean was distracted elisabetta 's brother corrado stole some gold that jean was guarding and set the curse in train . the benedettis become wealthy corrupt and hated by their former friends who rename them the maledettis - the cursed . the childrens ' grandfather massimo is the last man to be directly affected by the curse - but will he pass it onto them ?
four children from the same family have to leave their town because wwii is happening . a women and a professor take the children to their house . while playing a game of hide and seek the youngest member of the family 'lucy' finds a wardrobe to hide in . she travels back and back into the wardrobe and finds a place named narnia . after going in twice the four children go in together for the last time . they battle wolves meet talking animals encounter a evil white witch and meet a magnificent lion named 'aslan'. will this be the end of their journey to narnia or will they stay ?
two competitive friends fueled by literary aspirations and youthful exuberance endure the pangs of love depression and burgeoning careers .
forced to give up his dreams of art school zach spends his days working a dead -end job and helping his needy sister care for her son . in his free time he surfs draws and hangs out with his best friend gabe who lives on the wealthy side of town . when gabe 's older brother shaun returns home he is drawn to zach 's selflessness and talent . zach falls in love with shaun while struggling to reconcile his own desires with the needs of his family .
when alex enters the lives of the musical tuttle family each of the three daughters falls for him . he is charming good looking and personable . laurie and alex seem made for each other and become engaged . when barney comes into the picture to help alex with some musical arrangements matters become complicated . he is seen as a challenge by laurie who can 't believe anyone could be as cynical and she is more than a match for his gloomy outlook on life .
an fbi agent seeks vengeance on a mysterious assassin known as "rogue" who murdered his partner .
during the cold war soviet agents watch professor henry jones when a young man brings him a coded message from an aged demented colleague harold oxley . led by the brilliant irina spalko the soviets tail jones and the young man mutt to peru . with oxley 's code they find a legendary skull made of a single piece of quartz . if jones can deliver the skull to its rightful place all may be well ; but if irina takes it to its origin she 'll gain powers that could endanger the west . aging professor and young buck join forces with a woman from jones ' past to face the dangers of the jungle russia and the supernatural .
thirty years three generations and a lifetime later award -winning filmmaker ralph arlyck returns to san francisco in search of sean the boy who was the subject of his controversy -sparking documentary .
a graphic documentary on both sides of the abortion debate .
the adventures of gustave h a legendary concierge at a famous hotel from the fictional republic of zubrowka between the first and second world wars and zero moustafa the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend .
after moving in together in an impossibly beautiful new york apartment carrie bradshaw and mr . big make a rather arbitrary decision to get married . the wedding itself proves to be anything but a hasty affair --the guest list quickly blooms from to guests and carrie 's simple label -less wedding gown gives way to an enormous creation that makes her look like a gigantic cream puff . an upcoming photo spread in vogue puts the event --which will take place at the new york public library --squarely in the public eye . meanwhile carrie 's girlfriends --samantha the sexpot ; charlotte the sweet naf ; and miranda the rigid perfectionist --could not be happier . at least they couldn 't be happier for carrie . charlotte still has the unrealized hope of getting pregnant . samantha is finding a loving committed relationship more grueling than she could have imagined . miranda unwittingly lets her own unhappiness --created when steve admits to cheating on her just once --spoil carrie 's. after a heated encounter with steve she happens to spot mr . big and tells him he 's crazy to get married . she 's really only thinking of her own marriage . but her angry remark gets mr . big to thinking .
six days in the lives of an israeli living in a kibbutz and a palestinian living in paris which starts with an accidental meeting in the berlin subway during the world cup finals will change them completely .
silicon has been used in breast implants for years . meet a man who 's using it to enlarge something else .
it 's the story about a lazy irreverent slacker panda named po who is the biggest fan of kung fu around ...which doesn 't exactly come in handy while working every day in his family 's noodle shop . unexpectedly chosen to fulfill an ancient prophecy po 's dreams become reality when he joins the world of kung fu and studies alongside his idols the legendary furious five -- tigress crane mantis viper and monkey -- under the leadership of their guru master shifu . but before they know it the vengeful and treacherous snow leopard tai lung is headed their way and it 's up to po to defend everyone from the oncoming threat . can he turn his dreams of becoming a kung fu master into reality ? po puts his heart - and his girth - into the task and the unlikely hero ultimately finds that his greatest weaknesses turn out to be his greatest strengths .
period piece about a brazil that is no more . this movie is the sequel to "god and the devil in the land of the sun " (deus e o diabo na terra do sol ) and takes place years after antonio das mortes killed corisco (the "blond devil ") last of the cangaceiros . in "the old days " antonio 's function in life was exterminate these bandits on account of his personal grudges against them . his life had been meaningless for the last years but now a new challenge awaits him . when a cangaceiro appears in jardim das piranhas the local land baron (jofre soares ) an old man does what seems obvious to him : he calls antonio das mortes killer of cangaceiros . at first antonio is ecstatic . his life has gained new meaning . but soon it becomes obvious that this new cangaceiro (named coirana ) is no corisco but an idealist . an idealist of the sixties in the garb of the forties . a leader to the hopeless and the hungry . antonio das mortes begins to reconsider his feelings towards coirana and his followers ...
a chronicle of the weeks after the u .s. presidential election and the subsequent recounts in florida .
three handicapped losers who form a band ask famous writer dries to be their drummer . he joins the band and starts manipulating them .
det . sgt . mark dixon always wanted to be something his old man wasn 't: a guy on the right side of the law . but for a good guy he 's awfully vicious . after several complaints over his roughing people up his boss insp . nicholas foley demotes him . foley tells him he 's a good man but needs to get his head on straight and be more like det . lt . thomas who has just gotten a promotion . meanwhile tommy scalise has an illegal dice game going and is looking to make a sucker out of the rich ted morrison who was brought in by ken paine and his beautiful wife morgan . she figures out too late her husband is using her as a decoy . paine strikes her when she refuses to play along . the chivalrous morrison intervenes but paine knocks him out cold . that seems to be the worst of it but later it turns out the guy is dead ; and paine looks guilty . soon dixon has fallen in love with morgan - but not before losing his temper again and committing a terrible deed that he tries to cover up . morgan 's father a tale -spinning taxi driver may take the rap for it . it 's up to dixon to try to pin the blame on scalise .
in century mexico a native revolutionary yaqui joe robs a bank to buy arms for his oppressed people but he finds himself wanted by american lawmen and the mexican army .
paris is starving but the king of france is more interested in money and bedding women . when a young soldier dies for the sake of a shag aramis athos and porthos band together with a plan to replace the king . unknown to many there is a king a twin hidden at birth then imprisoned for years behind an iron mask . all that remains now is d 'artagnan will he stand against his long time friends or do what is best for his country ?
zohan dvir works as a special agent and lives with his orthodox parents in israel . he wants to give up this life full of dangerous encounters with palestinians . while in the process of apprehending a palestinian activist known simply as the phantom he fakes his death hides in a dog -kennel on a plane bound for new york and decides to try his hand as a hair -stylist. he is refused employment initially but when he offers to work for free dahlia hires him as a cleaner . when a hair -stylist named debbie quits zohan replaces her winning over elderly female clientle and falling in love with dahlia herself . before zohan could propose to her dahlia 's landlord walbridge who has been raising rents regularly hires skinhead goons to terrorize the neighborhood creates misunderstandings between jews muslims arabs and palestinians and drives them out so as to enable him to construct a new building which is topped by a roller coaster . when zohan decides to confront these skinheads he does not realize that he is in for quite a few surprises himself .
emperor wang (the perverted ) is leader of the planet porno and sends his mighty "sex ray " towards earth turning everyone into sex -mad fiends . only one man can save the earth football ...
il misterioso zorro intervenuto per impedire le nozze tra carmen e marcel nel compiere la solita acrobatica e strategica ritirata cade rimanendo impedito nei movimenti . preoccupato per le ribalderie dei mercenari francesi del governatore fr donato con l 'aiuto del sagrestano archimede costringe l 'inetto felipe a fingersi zorro . il timido ed impaurito giovanotto riesce nell 'intento anche spinto dall 'amore verso rosita e sotto la spinta del vino cui non abituato . l 'impresa tuttavia diviene assai ardua quando il governatore sta per impiccare il conte manuel la paz sotto la protezione del de colegnac migliore lama di francia . anche questa volta per la coalizione del finto zorro e dei suoi seguaci finisce per avere la meglio sull 'oppressore.
at his daughter 's wedding time -management specialist frank allen corners the reluctant groom and tells him a long story : about the night his wife chose him and then about eight years later when a missed ferry a corporate groupie a panicked expectant mother and a medical test brought frank 's marriage to a crisis . in the midst of the crisis were frank his wife susan their daughter jesse and frank 's best friend the feckless buddy . things come to a head at a lake when frank armed with a shotgun decides to cross something permanently from one of his time -management lists . is there ever room for whim and chaos ?
a young man is released from prison after many years and given a new identity in a new town . aided by a supervisor who becomes like a father to him he finds a job and friends and hesitantly starts a relationship with a compassionate girl . but the secret of the heinous crime he committed as a boy weighs down on him and he learns that it is not so easy to escape your past .
depicting the events after the gamma bomb . 'the incredible hulk ' tells the story of dr bruce banner who seeks a cure to his unique condition which causes him to turn into a giant green monster under emotional stress . whilst on the run from military which seeks his capture banner comes close to a cure . but all is lost when a new creature emerges ; the abomination .
in a distant but not so unrealistic future where mankind has abandoned earth because it has become covered with trash from products sold by the powerful multi -national buy n large corporation wall -e a garbage collecting robot has been left to clean up the mess . mesmerized with trinkets of earth 's history and show tunes wall -e is alone on earth except for a sprightly pet cockroach . one day eve a sleek (and dangerous ) reconnaissance robot is sent to earth to find proof that life is once again sustainable . wall -e falls in love with eve . wall -e rescues eve from a dust storm and shows her a living plant he found amongst the rubble . consistent with her "directive" eve takes the plant and automatically enters a deactivated state except for a blinking green beacon . wall -e doesn 't understand what has happened to his new friend but true to his love he protects her from wind rain and lightning even as she is unresponsive . one day a massive ship comes to reclaim eve but wall -e out of love or loneliness hitches a ride on the outside of the ship to rescue eve . the ship arrives back at a large space cruise ship which is carrying all of the humans who evacuated earth years earlier . the people of earth ride around this space resort on hovering chairs which give them a constant feed of tv and video chatting . they drink all of their meals through a straw out of laziness and /or bone loss and are all so fat that they can barely move . when the auto -pilot computer acting on hastily -given instructions sent many centuries before tries to prevent the people of earth from returning by stealing the plant wall -e eve the portly captain and a band of broken robots stage a mutiny .
a frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin and that he shares his father 's superhuman killing abilities .
the powerful superhero john hancock has become a joke because of his alcoholism and clumsiness . he has also become the most hated man in los angeles . though he has saved many lives he also destroyed a lot of property costing the city millions every time he goes into action . when he saves the life of pr expert ray embrey from an oncoming train the executive is thankful and believes he can restore hancock 's image as a true superhero . he brings the anti -hero home for dinner and introduces him to his son aaron a big fan and to his wife mary . but for some mysterious reason mary doesn 't want hancock anywhere near her or her family .
a successful male escort describes in a series of confessions his tangled romantic relationships with his two roommates and an older enigmatic male client .
american maxwell smart works for a government spy agency in an administrative capacity . when the agency 's head office is attacked the chief decides to assign maxwell as a spy and partners him with sexy agent much to her chagrin . the duo nevertheless set off to combat their attackers by first parachuting off an airplane and landing in russian territory - followed closely by an over seven feet tall pound goon known simply as dalip . the duo handicapped by maxwell 's antics will eventually have their identities compromised and may be chalked up as casualties while back in america their attackers have already planted a bomb that is set -up to explode in a concert .
the inspiring and tumultuous story of -year old surfer health advocate and sex guru dr . dorian "doc" paskowitz his wife juliette and their nine children who were all home -schooled and raised in a small camper on the beach where they surfed and had to adhere to the strict diet and lifestyle of animals in the wild .
the story of nazi germany 's plundering of europe 's great works of art during world war ii and allied efforts to minimize the damage .
fry a pizza guy is accidentally frozen in and thawed out new year 's eve .
friendship love and coming of age in new york city summer of . luke shapiro has just graduated from high school sells marijuana and trades pot for therapy from a psychologist dr . jeffrey squires . luke is attracted to a classmate stephanie who 's out of his league and squires ' step -daughter. by july he 's hanging out with stephanie taking her on his rounds selling pot out of an ice -cream pushcart . then things take a turn . in the background squires and his wife as well as luke 's parents are having their troubles .
a luxury cruise boat motors up the yangtze - navigating the mythic waterway known in china simply as "the river ." the yangtze is about to be transformed by the biggest hydroelectric dam in history . at the river 's edge - a young woman says goodbye to her family as the floodwaters rise towards their small homestead . the three gorges dam - contested symbol of the chinese economic miracle - provides the epic backdrop for up the yangtze a dramatic feature documentary on life inside modern china .
'werner herzog ' takes his camera to antarctica where we meet the odd men and women who have dedicated their lives to furthering the cause of science in treacherous conditions . a scientist studies neutrinos which are everywhere yet elusive ; he likens them to spirits . a researcher 's nighttime performance art includes contorting her body into a luggage bag . a survival guide teaches his students to survive white -out conditions by wearing cartoon -face buckets over their heads . animal researchers milk mother seals as part of their study . volcanologists offer advice on what to do when a volcano erupts . a pipefitter shows us the anomaly in his hands that he says are a sign he descended from atzec royalty . a former colorado banker drives what he has christened ivan the terra bus . an underwater diver shows his colleagues dvds of apocalyptic sci -fi films like them ! and -- though herzog declares he 's not "making another film about penguins " -- we meet a penguin researcher who answers the filmmaker 's questions about homosexuality and insanity in his subjects . we also meet an individualist penguin who breaks away from the other birds to run toward the mountains facing certain death .
priscilla williams is a young girl traveling with her mother joyce to join her paternal grandfather a british army colonel at the post he commands in northern india . upon arrival they witness the capture of khoda khan leader of the rebel indian faction . priscilla plays at being a soldier and is even given a uniform and allowed to drill by the genial sergeant macduff but her gruff grandfather disapproves and insists she remain apart from the troops . she eventually charms him along with everyone else on the post including khoda khan whom she wins over by returning a talisman he 's dropped . when the attractive lieutenant brandes deserts his post to take joyce to a dance khan escapes and brandes is arrested . as hostilities with the rebels mount priscilla and servant mohammet dihn --actually an indian spy --take off for khoda khan 's stronghold .
a documentary on the z channel one of the first pay cable stations in the us and its programming chief jerry harvey . debuting in the la -based channel 's eclectic slate of movies ...
the story of a bride -to-be trying to find her real father told using hit songs by the popular group abba .
an idyllic wildlife cruise disintegrates into terror when a party of tourists are stalked by a massive man -eating crocodile . pete mckell a cynical american travel writer joins a disparate group of holiday -makers on a river cruise through the waters of kakadu national park . initially pete clashes with their tour captain kate a feisty young woman who assumes he is just another 'city-slicker' in search of a quick thrill . after an uneventful day cruising the river kate is reluctantly persuaded to steer their boat into unexplored territory . they discover a secluded lake but terror strikes when their craft receives a powerful blow from beneath the murky depths and begins to sink . with little choice she beaches the vessel on the closest dry land -a tiny mud island . with a rising tide and only half an hour of daylight left fear grips the group as they realize they are trapped in the lair of a 'rogue' crocodile governed only by its need to hunt and kill . begrudgingly pete and kate join forces to keep hysteria at bay and in the process start to see beyond their initial impressions . their first attempt to escape fails but then pete has an idea - they must trap the crocodile to enable the group to flee to the other side of the island whilst kate swims for help . pete volunteers to stand guard but without warning the beast breaks free and targets kate who fails to resurface . as darkness descends and the muddy waters rise a terrifying struggle ensues with only one probable outcome death .
the peanuts gang celebrates halloween with linus hoping that finally he will be visited by the great pumpkin ; while charlie brown is invited to a halloween party .
on a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother a scientist his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth .
a spaceship shaped like a human lands face first on liberty island . its crew (of tiny intelligent and unemotional beings ) is looking for an orb sent from its planet to extract the oceans ' salt which will ruin earth . the orb is in the possession of josh the fifth -grade son of a single mom whose car strikes the ambulatory alien spaceship and cripples its power supply . the crew has hours to recover the orb throw it in the atlantic and leave earth . over the course of two days the ship 's crew experiences chaos and emotion in new york . do earth 's giants - josh and his mom - have anything to teach these brainy aliens ? meanwhile mutiny is afoot and the cops are closing in .
an intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it .
ham iii the grandson of the first chimp astronaut is blasted off into space by an opportunity -seeking senator . soon the fun -loving chimp has to get serious about the mission at hand ; ridding a far -away planet of their nefarious leader . fortunately for ham iii two of his simian peers are along for the ride .
an interstellar teleportation device found in egypt leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient egyptians who worship the god ra .
in a gritty and alternate the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered an investigation into the killer is initiated . the reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction but in doing so discover a deeper and far more diabolical plot .
a family man convicted of killing an intruder must cope with life afterward in the violent penal system .
brennan huff and dale doback are both about when brennan 's mom and dale 's dad marry . the sons still live with the parents so they must now share a room . initial antipathy threatens the household 's peace and the parents ' relationship . dad lays down the law : both slackers have a week to find a job . out of the job search and their love of music comes a pact that leads to friendship but more domestic disarray compounded by the boys ' sleepwalking . hovering nearby are brennan 's successful brother and his lonely wife : the brother wants to help sell his step -father's house the wife wants dale 's attention and the newlyweds want to retire and sail the seven seas . can harmony come from the discord ?
two fbi agents fox mulder and dana scully work in an unassigned detail of the bureau called the x -files investigating cases dealing with unexplained paranormal phenomena . mulder a true believer and scully a skeptic perceive their cases from stand points of science and the paranormal .
a documentary on seniors at a high school in a small indiana town and their various cliques .
a look at tightrope walker philippe petit 's daring but illegal high -wire routine performed between new york city 's world trade center 's twin towers in what some consider "the artistic crime of the century ."
a group of medical students devise a deadly game : to see which one of them can commit the perfect murder .
tracey berkowitz a self -described normal girl loses her -year old brother sonny . in flashbacks and fragments we meet her overbearing parents and the sweet clueless sonny . we watch tracey navigate high school friendless picked on and teased . she develops a thing for billy zero a new student imagining he 's her boyfriend . we see the day she loses sonny and we watch her try to find him . in bits and pieces we see what leads up to her riding in the back of a city bus wrapped in a shower curtain . coming of age or just surviving ?
an american serving in the french foreign legion on an archaeological dig at the ancient city of hamunaptra accidentally awakens a mummy .
takes place in the days before christmas near a little -known border crossing on the mohawk reservation between new york state and quebec . here the lure of fast money from smuggling presents a daily challenge to single moms who would otherwise be earning minimum wage . two women - one white one mohawk both single mothers faced with desperate circumstances - are drawn into the world of border smuggling across the frozen water of the st . lawrence river . ray and lila - and a new york state trooper as opponent in an evolving cat -and-mouse game .
sexually adventurous cristina and her friend vicky who is bright but cautious holiday in barcelona where they meet the celebrated and wholly seductive painter juan antonio . vicky is not about to dive into a sexual adventure being committed to her forthcoming marriage . but cristina is immediately captivated by juan antonio 's free spirit and his romantic allure is enhanced when she hears the delicious details of his divorce from fellow artist the tempestuous maria elena .
a young woman returns to her annual summer retreat and is reunited with a lover from the past . their passion reignited they make up for lost time . however a younger visitor intent on ...
a process server and his marijuana dealer wind up on the run from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after he witnesses his dealer 's boss murder a competitor while trying to serve papers on him .
in a .d. in the final days of the han dynasty shrewd prime minster cao cao convinced the fickle emperor han the only way to unite all of china was to declare war on the kingdoms of xu in the west and east wu in the south . thus began a military campaign of unprecedented scale led by the prime minister himself . left with no other hope for survival the kingdoms of xu and east wu formed an unlikely alliance . numerous battles of strength and wit ensued both on land and on water eventually culminating in the battle of red cliff . during the battle two thousand ships were burned and the course of chinese history was changed forever .
carmen lowell is working on the backstage of a play at yale . when the lead actress her friend julia invites her to vermont with her to work on a play with a professional cast she decides to stay with her friends and her pregnant mother . however she changes her mind after she finds that her friends will all leave for the summer : lena kaligaris will travel to a drawing course bridget vreeland who is in an existential crisis missing her mother will travel to an archaeological dig in turkey and tibby tomko -rollins is working in a rental and still editing her documentary . carmen grows a crush on the lead actor ian who convinces her to participate in an audition and she is then invited by the director bill kerr to perform the lead female role . later she finds the truth about the friendship of julia . the broken -hearted lena finds that kostas has just married and she dates the model of her drawing class . bridget finds letters addressed to her from her grandmother that her father has hidden and decides to visit her discovering information about her mother . tibby makes love with her boyfriend brian mcbrian and gets scared of a possible pregnancy . in the end the girlfriends discover that their friendship is real and amounts to more than just a pair of jeans .
david kepesh is growing old . he 's a professor of literature a student of american hedonism and an amateur musician and photographer . when he finds a student attractive consuela a -year-old cuban he sets out to seduce her . along the way he swims in deeper feelings maybe he 's drowning . she presses him to sort out what he wants from her and a relationship develops . they talk of traveling . he confides in his friend george a poet long -married who advises david to grow up and grow old . she invites him to meet her family . his own son from a long -ended marriage confronts him . is the elegy for lost relationships lost possibilities beauty and time passing or failure of nerve ?
troy is offered a job at ryan & sharpay 's country club and ends up landing jobs for gabriella chad taylor kelsi jason martha and zeke . he is then introduced to sharpay 's parents and realizes that sharpay can land him many opportunities and even a basketball scholarship . meanwhile while troy starts hanging out with the rich folk chad is worried that troy will forget his friends . gabriella feels as though she is losing troy to sharpay . in the end troy will have to learn how to think about his scholarship without losing his friends .
through a series of freak occurrences a group of actors shooting a big -budget war movie are forced to become the soldiers they are portraying .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
henry poole moves in to a house in his old neighborhood to spend what he believes are his remaining days alone . the discovery of a "miracle" by a nosy neighbor ruptures his solitude and restores his faith in life .
a man returns to a city to try to track down a lovely woman he met six years earlier .
at the end of the ice age the machine came from outer space with the purpose to change men into mutants . however a hero defeated the device and a great seal was laid over the machine . in the depleted world is ruled by four corporations : mishima bauhaus capitol and imperial that are in a constant state of war . during a battle between capitol and bauhaus the great seal is broken and the machine works again transforming soldiers and civilians into hordes of mutants . a small part of the population escapes to mars leaving millions of people behind . the man of faith and leader of an ancient brotherhood brother samuel is a believer in god and the chronicles a bible about the mutants from ancient times . with the city besieged by the mutants he visits the corporations ' leader constantine asking for an aircraft and twenty men for a suicide mission to destroy the machine planting a bomb and a detonator following the knowledge of the chronicles . he recruits the tough major 'mitch' hunter ; the bauhaus lieutenant maximillian von steiner ; the keeper of the chronicles severian that is under a vow of silence ; the gorgeous and lethal corporal valerie duval ; corporal juba kim wu ; captain john mcguire ; and corporal jesus 'el jesus ' de barrera . together they become the last hope of earth against the evil mutants .
one night at a bar an old friend tells director ari about a recurring nightmare in which he is chased by vicious dogs . every night the same number of beasts . the two men conclude that there 's a connection to their israeli army mission in the first lebanon war of the early eighties . ari is surprised that he can 't remember a thing anymore about that period of his life . intrigued by this riddle he decides to meet and interview old friends and comrades around the world . he needs to discover the truth about that time and about himself . as ari delves deeper and deeper into the mystery his memory begins to creep up in surreal images .
oskar a bullied -year old dreams of revenge . he falls in love with eli a peculiar girl . she can 't stand the sun or food and to come into a room she needs to be invited . eli gives oskar the strength to hit back but when he realizes that eli needs to drink other people 's blood to live he 's faced with a choice . how much can love forgive ? set in the stockholm suburb of blackeberg in .
ex -con jensen ames is forced by the warden of a notorious prison to compete in our post -industrial world 's most popular sport : a car race in which inmates must brutalize and kill one another on the road to victory .
after playboy bunny shelley is kicked out of the playboy mansion she finds a job as the house mother for a sorority full of socially awkward girls .
a revolver -wielding stranger crosses paths with two warring clans who are both on the hunt for a hidden treasure in a remote western town . knowing his services are valuable to either side he offers himself to the clan who will offer up the largest share of the wealth .
osbourne cox a balkan expert resigned from the cia because of a drinking problem so he begins a memoir . his wife wants a divorce and expects her lover harry a philandering state department marshal to leave his wife . a cd -rom falls out of a gym bag at a georgetown fitness center . two employees there try to turn it into cash : linda who wants money for cosmetic surgery and chad an amiable goof . information on the disc leads them to osbourne who rejects their sales pitch ; then they visit the russian embassy . to sweeten the pot they decide they need more of osbourne 's secrets . meanwhile linda 's boss likes her and harry 's wife leaves for a book tour . all roads lead to osbourne 's house .
over the course of one evening an unsuspecting group of twenty -somethings find themselves bombarded by a series of natural disasters and catastrophic events .
in a near future the mercenary toorop is hired by the powerful criminal gorsky to take a woman named aurora from a noelite convent in central asia to new york . in return he will receive a large amount of money and a clear passport . toorop joins aurora and her guardian sister rebeka as they cross the dangerous russian landscape chased by mercenaries that also want aurora . on their journey toorop discovers that aurora has special abilities and once in new york they see on the news that the noelite convent has just been bombed . when aurora discloses that she is a virgin and pregnant with twins toorop realizes that there is something sinister behind his mission and that he and sister rebeka are not part of gorsky 's plans .
when straight arrow fbi agent roy clayton heads up the investigation into a dangerous international conspiracy all clues seem to lead back to former u .s. special operations officer samir horn .
a redemptive tale of an aspiring rap artist surviving failed levees and her own troubled past and seizing a chance for a new beginning .
nick a somewhat chauvinistic advertising exec hot shot has his life turned haywire when a fluke accident enables him to hear what women think . at first all he wants to do is rid himself of this curse until a wacky psychologist shows him that this could be used to his advantage ! his first target is darcy mcguire the very woman that got the promotion he wanted . but just as his plan is beginning to work love gets in the way ...
we watch the onion news america 's finest news source with dana dobbs senior correspondent kip kendall and award -winning anchor norm archer . in addition to watching the news we see the program 's commercials some commentary on the film as it proceeds and we watch some terrorists in training . behind the scenes onion news 's corporate owner global tetrahedron seeks synergy by promoting its other products within norm 's news broadcast . norm doesn 't like it especially when a toy penguin (think energizer bunny ) waddles across his desk promoting a global tetrahedron film starring steven seagal . but norm may end up needing steven 's help .
raghunandan is an ex -bank of england employee who resigned his lucrative job because he was bored with the rather sedentary and mundane nature of his work . he chose journalism as his next career and worked in different cities in india . he now works for a tv news channel as an interviewer in a popular show named "show the spirit ". in the mean time he is in the process of writing an english novel too . he is essentially a loner but is a compulsive alcoholic and has an expensive collection of vintage drinks at home . it was his excessive drinking that resulted in his divorce some years back but he shares a healthy friendship with his ex -wife meera and her current husband alexy . the couple have custody of raghunandan 's and meera 's son aditya a .k.a sunny who is deaf and mute . raghunandan 's fatal addiction towards alcohol takes a heavy toll on his personal and professional life . however good sense dawns albeit late when he comes across a man who is worse than him because of his drinking problem .
joe is a professional hit man who picks someone off the street to do his errands and after he is finished kills that person . his next assignment takes him to bangkok and as usual he finds a street -wise guy named kong to help him . after kong has a close call and learns who joe is kong asks him to train him and he does . joe also meets a local girl who is deaf and spends time with her . however joe has a hard time keeping his other life from her . it also appears that the person who hired joe breaks his rule of complete anonymity and tries to find him .
laddie (son of lassie !) and his master are trapped in norway during - has he inherited his mothers famous courage ?
in california the caucasian chris mattson and his african -american wife lisa mattson move to a house in a gated community . the racist and dysfunctional next -door neighbor is the abusive lapd officer abel turner who feels uncomfortable with the relationship of the newcomers and transforms their lives into hell on earth .
bertram pincus is a man whose people skills leave much to be desired . when pincus dies unexpectedly but is miraculously revived after seven minutes he wakes up to discover that he now has the annoying ability to see ghosts . even worse they all want something from him particularly frank herlihy who pesters him into breaking up the impending marriage of his widow gwen . that puts pincus squarely in the middle of a triangle with spirited result .
in a totalitarian future society a man whose daily work is rewriting history tries to rebel by falling in love .
jerry shaw is an amiable slacker with an over -achieving twin brother . after his twin dies in an accident strange things happen to jerry at a dizzying pace : a fortune shows up in his bank account weapons are delivered to his flat and a voice on his cell phone tells him the police are on their way . jerry follows the voice 's instructions and soon he and a woman he 's never met are racing through the city on to a plane and eventually to the pentagon chased by the fbi . she is rachel holloman a single mom ; the voice has threatened her son 's death if she doesn 't cooperate . the voice seems to know everything . who is behind it what is being planned and why jerry and rachel ?
sidney young is a disillusioned intellectual who both adores and despises the world of celebrity fame and glamor . his alternative magazine "post modern review " pokes fun at the media obsessed stars and bucks trends and so when young is offered a job at the diametrically opposed conservative new york based "sharps" magazine it 's something of a shock ! it seems "sharps" editor clayton harding is amused by young 's disruption of a post -bafta party with a pig posing as babe . thus begins sidney 's descent into success - his gradual move from derided outsider to confidante of starlet sophie maes . initially helping him out at sharps is colleague alison olsen who has her own secret . wither their friendship ?
a black and bloody irish comedy about a sad train journey where an older man whose wife has died that morning encounters a strange and possibly psychotic young oddball ....
high school student nick o 'leary member of the queercore band the jerk offs meets college -bound norah silverberg when she asks him to be her boyfriend for five minutes .
a young woman 's quest for revenge against the people who kidnapped and tormented her as a child leads her and a friend who is also a victim of child abuse on a terrifying journey into a living hell of depravity .
gomorra is a contemporary neapolitan mob drama that exposes italy 's criminal underbelly by telling five stories of individuals who think they can make their own compact with camorra the area 's mafia .
two awaken on earth with no recollection of their past and embark on a devastating crime spree but are sent to an infamous lunar penitentiary named dead leaves .
a -year old boy named naota one day meets a strange woman riding a vespa and wielding a big guitar . as soon as she appears mysterious things start happening .
kym buchman has been in drug rehab for nine months during which time she has been clean . she is released temporarily from the facility to attend her sister rachel buchman 's wedding . during her release kym is staying at the family home where the wedding is taking place . as such it is like grand central station for the duration of kym 's stay which may not be the most conducive situation for her in constantly being exposed to the watching eyes of those who know and don 't yet know her but know of her situation . the reunion with her family members starts off well enough but issues around kym 's release from rehab quickly surface . kym and rachel 's father paul buchman wants to make sure that kym is all right at all times which to kym feels instead like he doesn 't trust her . rachel slowly begins to resent kym 's situation taking over what is supposed to be the happiest day of her life some of which is directed by kym some of which isn 't. one person present but largely not included in the last minute wedding planning work is kym and rachel 's mother abby from who paul is divorced . the two have since married other people . outwardly abby has been nurturing of kym throughout her life . however what is one of the key moments in kym 's drug induced life and in their collective family 's lives may profoundly affect the wedding . beyond how kym 's presence affects the wedding the goings -on of the family during kym 's short stay may either bring them closer together or tear them apart .
roger ferris is a cia operative in the middle east ; ed hoffman is his control at langley . cynicism is everywhere . in amman roger works with hani salaam jordan 's head of security whose only dictum is "don't lie to me ." the americans are in pursuit of a cleric who leads a group placing bombs all over europe . when hani rebukes ed 's demand that jordan allow the americans to use one of jordan 's double agents roger and ed hatch a plan to bring the cleric to them . the plan is complicated by its being a secret from hani and by roger 's attraction to a local nurse . satellites and cell phones bodies and lies : modern warfare .
for generations the people of the city of ember have flourished in an amazing world of glittering lights . but ember 's once powerful generator is failing ... and the great lamps that illuminate the city are starting to flicker .
a pair of rivaling stage magicians are forced to confront their falling out over a guillotine mishap when they compete in a magic competition .
laurie strode now the dean of a northern california private school with an assumed name must battle the shape one last time and now the life of her own son hangs in the balance .
coming together to solve a series of murders in new york city are a police detective whose family was slain as part of a conspiracy and an assassin out to avenge her sister 's death . the duo will be hunted by the police the mob and a ruthless corporation .
zack and miri are two lifelong platonic friends who make an adult film to pay the rent of their apartment . with their friend delaney the couple set out for auditionees for their porn film but in the process of filming they realize they feel more for each other than they had before .
oliver stone 's biographical take on the life of george w . bush one of the most controversial presidents in usa history chronicling from his wild and carefree days in college to his military service to his governorship of texas and role in the oil business his candidacy for president his first turbulent four years and his re -election campaign .
an animated short film about an out -of-solar-system guest yarou and his lunch with billy danny and michael .
high school teacher rainer wegner may be popular with the students but he 's also unorthodox . he 's forced to teach autocracy for the school 's project week . he 's less than enthusiastic at first but the response of the students is surprising to say the least . he forces the students to become more invested in the prospect of self rule and soon the class project has its own power and eerily starts to resemble germany 's past . can wegner and his class realize what 's happening before the horrors start repeating themselves ?
a miserable fat teenager secretly has a crush on the class beauty ends up becoming the surprising participant to dance with her at a high school dance meaning he 's got to get his act together with the help of his best friend .
a television reporter and her cameraman are assigned to spend the night shift with a los angeles fire station . after a routine call takes them to a small apartment building they find police officers already on the scene in response to blood curdling screams coming from one of the apartment units . they soon learn that a woman living in the building has been infected by something unknown . after a few of the residents are viciously attacked they try to escape with the news crew in tow only to find that the cdc has quarantined the building . phones internet televisions and cell phone access have been cut -off and officials are not relaying information to those locked inside . when the quarantine is finally lifted the only evidence of what took place is the news crew 's videotape .
there is a war in the world between the men and the women . a young girl tries to escape this reality and comes to a hidden place where a strange unicorn lives with a family : sister brother many children and an old woman that never leaves her bed but stays in contact with the world through her radio . since the content of this picture is not as important as the pictures and allegories the simple plot can not be described further .
a family of police officers - patriarch two sons and a son -in-law - deals with corruption in a precinct in washington heights . four officers die in an ambush at a drug dealer 's apartment . it 's brother francis 's precinct so when the investigation led by brother ray finds hints of police corruption there 's pressure to close ranks and save frankie 's career . dad a police brass promises ray that he and frankie can clean things up and ray should focus on catching the drug dealer who killed the cops . meanwhile brother -in-law jimmy a hothead and an enforcer is visited at home by a lowlife . is jimmy involved in the corruption ? where can this take the family ?
in london a real -estate scam puts millions of pounds up for grabs attracting some of the city 's scrappiest tough guys and its more established underworld types all of whom are looking to get rich quick . while the city 's seasoned criminals vie for the cash an unexpected player -- a drugged out rock 'n' roller presumed to be dead but very much alive -- has a multi -million dollar prize fall into ...
troy and the gang of east high school are going through their senior year facing graduating and going their separate ways . coming to terms with the reality of it all troy wants to attend the nearby university of albuquerque next year on a basketball scholarship but gabriella wants to attend stanford university in california . meanwhile sharpay the school 's shallow and spoiled rich girl plots to go all out planning the school 's final musical show with the idea to add music to her hopes and fears about the future . while sharpay takes an up -and-coming british exchange student under her wing her flamboyant fraternal twin brother ryan has his sights set on something different after school . in addition troy 's best friend and basketball teammate chad and garbiella 's best friend taylor all have their sights set on their plans after high school and come to terms with the reality of the real world .
fry a pizza guy is accidentally frozen in and thawed out new year 's eve .
at new york 's central park zoo a lion a zebra a giraffe and a hippo are best friends and stars of the show . but when one of the animals goes missing from their cage the other three break free to look for him only to find themselves reunited ... on a ship en route to africa . when their vessel is hijacked however the friends who have all been raised in captivity learn first -hand what life can be like in the wild .
a grief -stricken mother takes on the lapd to her own detriment when it stubbornly tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child while also refusing to give up hope that she will find him one day .
a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in postapocalyptic australia in search for her home -land with the help of a group of female prisoners a psychotic worshipper and a drifter named max .
the story of jamal malik an year -old orphan from the slums of mumbai who is about to experience the biggest day of his life . with the whole nation watching he is just one question away from winning a staggering million rupees on india 's kaun banega crorepati ? (who wants to be a millionaire ?) but when the show breaks for the night police arrest him on suspicion of cheating ; how could a street kid know so much ? desperate to prove his innocence jamal tells the story of his life in the slum where he and his brother grew up of their adventures together on the road of vicious encounters with local gangs and of latika the girl he loved and lost . each chapter of his story reveals the key to the answer to one of the game show 's questions . each chapter of jamal 's increasingly layered story reveals where he learned the answers to the show 's seemingly impossible quizzes . but one question remains a mystery : what is this young man with no apparent desire for riches really doing on the game show ? when the new day dawns and jamal returns to answer the final question the inspector and sixty million viewers are about to find out . at the heart of its storytelling lies the question of how anyone comes to know the things they know about life and love .
is there solace in revenge ? bond and "m" sniff a shadowy international network of power and corruption reaping billions . as bond pursues the agents of an assassination attempt on "m" all roads lead to dominic greene a world -renowned developer of green technology . greene a nasty piece of work is intent on securing a barren area of bolivia in exchange for assisting a strongman stage a coup there . the cia looks the other way and only bond with help from a retired spy and from a mysterious beauty stands in greene 's way . "m" wonders if she can trust bond or if vengeance possesses him . beyond that can anyone drawn to bond live to tell the tale ?
wild behavior forces a pair of energy drink reps to enroll in a big brother program .
a cinematic triptych of three tokyo -set stories .
a girl named ella (cinderella) has the purest heart living in a cruel world filled with evil stepsisters and an evil stepmother out to ruin ella 's life . ella comes one with her pure heart when she meets the prince and dances her way to a better life with glass shoes and a little help from her fairy godmother of course .
a transfer student attempts to take over the most violent high school in the country whose students form factions and battle each other for power .
at a music camp for gifted teens a popular teen idol overhears a girl singing and sets out to find who the talented voice belongs to . what he doesn 't know is that the girl is actually a camp kitchen worker with a fear of being heard .
jigsaw and his young apprentice amanda are dead . but the grisly games continue . five supposed strangers find themselves in the midst of a game and believe they are in a survival of the fittest competition . via his now infamous video linked puppet jigsaw conveys the message that they should ignore their instincts . meanwhile agent peter strahm wants to prove that mark hoffman is an apprentice to jigsaw and pursues him as he continues his twisted games . what strahm does not realize is that hoffman is testing him and must pass his test in order to stay alive .
ian is a high school senior in suburban chicago plagued by being a virgin . online he 's inflated his resume met ms . tasty and agreed to drive to knoxville where she promises sex . he steals his homophobic macho brother 's gto and with his two best friends lance and felicia heads south . every young woman who meets lance including felicia is attracted to him as he practices his aptly learned "pick-up artist " skills . ian on the other hand is a decent guy who wouldn 't mind if his friendship with felicia became a romance . by the time they get to knoxville they have encountered a jealous boyfriend a menacing hitchhiker jail birds carjackers an amish community and ian 's better judgment .
though it 's been some twenty years since they have spoken with one another two estranged soul -singing legends agree to participate in a reunion performance at the apollo theater to honor their recently deceased band leader .
lincoln six echo is just like everyone else - he 's waiting to go to the island the only place left in the world to actually live a life . thousands of people stay at a facility waiting to go to the island . it all sounds like paradise but lincoln six echo soon discovers that there 's actually a sinister purpose going on at that facility and that he must escape - but not before stopping the sinister plan .
chloe a diamond -clad ultra -pampered beverly hills chihuahua finds herself being "puppy-sit" by the niece rachel of her owner when she leaves for europe for one of her fashion shows . rachel is enjoying her aunt 's wealthy home but can 't resist a weekend trip to mexico with her friends . with chloe in tote rachel 's partying quickly disgusts chloe and she decides she will go home herself . chloe quickly gets lost in mexico and thrown into a dog -fighting ring where she meets delgado an ex police who is there and finds himself between his old enemy diablo the drug -lord's dog who ruined his career and chloe . after saving her and himself delgado agrees to help her get home and they begin their journey across mexico for beverly hills . meanwhile rachel has enlisted the help of her aunt 's gardener and papi the gardener 's chihuahua who 's crazy about chloe to help find and save her . at the same time diablo 's master has learned of chloe 's identity and plans on dog -napping her for a big ransom . along the way chloe learns of her ancestry her own strengths and also finds a little love .
a love triangle between a young woman a rich -something man and an aspiring sailor set in early century marseilles .
jonathan a naive country boy gets a scholarship to a classy prep school where he rooms with suave rich and handsome skip . skip decides it is his duty to see that jonathan loses his virginity so he sends jonathan to chicago where jonathan meets ellen a beautiful older woman and they be - gin an affair which ends abruptly when ellen discovers jonathan is . during christmas break jonathan visits skip 's house and discovers that ellen is skip 's mother . ellen tells jonathan to leave when he rejects her advances but then begins calling him and begging to see him . finally jonathan agrees to meet her and plans to end the affair but ellen seduces him --and that 's when skip who followed jonathan discovers them .
trapped in an isolated gas station by a voracious splinter parasite that transforms its still living victims into deadly hosts a young couple and an escaped convict must find a way to work together to survive this primal terror .
if you think you know the story of the manson family you are dead wrong . on a ranch outside of los angeles the dream of the "love generation " is transforming into something evil . what was once an oasis of free love and acid trips has become ground zero for a madman 's paranoid visions . an average group of kids the "family" become engulfed in a delusional world where torment and slaughter are considered the path to righteousness .director jim vanbebber (deadbeat at dawn ) delivers a dizzying rapid -fire vision of the sex and violence that unifies the misguided group a group hell -bent on executing the brutal vision of its leader charles manson . you 've seen the story through the eyes of the law . now witness it through the eyes of the mansosn family .
set in northern australia before world war ii an english aristocrat who inherits a sprawling ranch reluctantly pacts with a stock -man in order to protect her new property from a takeover plot . as the pair drive head of cattle over unforgiving landscape they experience the bombing of darwin australia by japanese forces firsthand .
bolt an american white shepherd has lived his whole life on the set of his action tv show where he believes he has superpowers . when separated from the studio by accident he meets a female alley cat named mittens and a hamster named rhino . he 's trying to find the way home to the studio . along the way he learns that he doesn 't have superpowers and that the show is not real .
the story of harvey milk and his struggles as an american gay activist who fought for gay rights and became california 's first openly gay elected official .
a teenage girl risks everything when she falls in love with a vampire .
toxic waste bubbles in a ship waiting permission to dock in odessa . frank martin turns down a job in marseilles referring it to a pal . a short time later the pal wounded by gunfire crashes his car into frank 's living room and dies leaving a young woman in the back seat . the employer of the dead man shows up forces frank to take the job snaps a bracelet on his wrist that will explode if frank gets more than feet from his car and sends frank on a journey east with the young woman and a trunk full of something . she 's valentina nearly mute . can frank figure out what 's going on deliver the package and escape alive ? and what does the ship have to do with it ?
brad and kate have been together three years in love having fun doing all sorts of things together with no intention of marriage or children . christmas morning they 're on their way to fiji having told their two sets of divorced parents that they 're off to do charity work . through a fluke they have no choice but to visit each of their four idiosyncratic parents . as the day progresses brad and kate remember growing up each learns more about the other and kate realizes that her life may not be as good as it could be . do they know each other well enough to weather the storms families bring ?
set during wwii a story seen through the innocent eyes of bruno the eight -year-old son of the commandant at a german concentration camp whose forbidden friendship with a jewish boy on the other side of the camp fence has startling and unexpected consequences .
in albany the marriage of caleb and catherine holt is in crisis and they decide to divorce . however caleb 's father john proposes that his son delays their separation process for forty days and follow a procedure called "the love dare " to make them love each other again .
animated fable about a clich hunchbacked evil scientist 's assistant who aspires to become a scientist himself much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community .
with a pocketful of drugs nick west takes out his girlfriend sammy for a good time . when they explore an abandoned asylum the discovery of a bizarre device a cross between an electric chair and sadistic fetish machine transforms drugged -out bliss into agony and despair . after sammy is brutally assaulted and murdered by unseen forces nick becomes the number -one suspect . years pass and nick who had been locked up in a mental hospital is released into the care of eminent psychiatrist dr . willard who is hell -bent on exposing the truth behind the killing . accompanied by dr . willard and several of his students nick returns to the scene of the crime . however the decrepit asylum hides a blood -drenched secret .
hunger follows life in the maze prison northern ireland with an interpretation of the highly emotive events surrounding the ira hunger strike led by bobby sands . with an epic eye for detail the film provides a timely exploration of what happens when body and mind are pushed to the uttermost limit .
chronicles the rise of chess records and its recording artists .
this half -hour animated tv special features the shrek characters putting their own spin on holiday traditions .
the pervert 's guide to cinema takes the viewer on an exhilarating ride through some of the greatest movies ever made . serving as presenter and guide is the charismatic slavoj zizek acclaimed philosopher and psychoanalyst . with his engaging and passionate approach to thinking zizek delves into the hidden language of cinema uncovering what movies can tell us about ourselves . whether he is untangling the famously baffling films of david lynch or overturning everything you thought you knew about hitchcock zizek illuminates the screen with his passion intellect and unfailing sense of humour . the pervert 's guide to cinema cuts its cloth from the very world of the movies it discusses ; by shooting at original locations and from replica sets it creates the uncanny illusion that zizek is speaking from 'within' the films themselves . together the three parts construct a compelling dialectic of ideas . described by the times in london as 'the woman helming this freudian inquest ' director sophie fiennes ' collaboration with slavoj zizek illustrates the immediacy with which film and television can communicate complex ideas . says zizek : 'my big obsession is to make things clear . i can really explain a line of thought if i can somehow illustrate it in a scene from a film . the pervert 's guide to cinema is really about what psychoanalysis can tell us about cinema .'
based on the broadway hit about the life and times of burlesque dancer gypsy rose lee and her aggressive stage mother mama rose .
dr . helen benson is summoned to a military facility with several other scientists when an alien spacecraft of sorts arrives in new york city . aboard is a human -like alien and a giant robot of immense size and power . the alien identifies himself as klaatu and says he has come to save the earth . the us military and political authorities see him as a threat however and decide to use so -called intensive interrogation techniques on him but dr . benson decides to facilitate his escape . when she learns exactly what he means when he says he is there to save the earth she tries to convince him to change his intentions .
johnny rico is called back into action to defeat the bugs .
a catholic school principal questions a priest 's ambiguous relationship with a troubled young student .
disgruntled korean war veteran walt kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor a hmong teenager who tried to steal kowalski 's prized possession : a gran torino .
writer peter morgan 's legendary battle between richard nixon the disgraced president with a legacy to save and david frost a jet -setting television personality with a name to make in the story of the historic encounter that changed both their lives . for three years after being forced from office nixon remained silent . but in summer the steely cunning former commander -in-chief agreed to sit for one all -inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the watergate scandal that ended his presidency . nixon surprised everyone in selecting frost as his televised confessor intending to easily outfox the breezy british showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of americans (as well as a fee ). likewise frost 's team harbored doubts about their boss ' ability to hold his own . but as cameras rolled a charged battle of wits resulted .
two guys enter a chinese restaurant . after showing the waiter their knowledge of kung fu and bruce lee they finally order . the food is cold and not too happy they threaten not to pay . the waiter promises he 'll ask the chef about it . after a lot of fuss in the kitchen he returns . he says the chef wants to them pay because they ordered . the two are not satisfied and the waiter goes into the kitchen once again only to be thrown out immediately . this time the chef is going to explain how things works and he looks pretty ferocious .
a young boy and his dog find themselves the target of the ming : a foreign dynasty that will stop at nothing . one day a quiet and solemn warrior crosses their path and becomes irrevocably connected with the two . a deal is struck and the warrior agrees to take the boy to a remote buddhist temple where a kind monk is waiting to care for him and the dog . unfortunately the ming have sent their elite and they will test their strength courage and quality every step of the way .
juliette was years in prison . confronted with the unexpected goodness of her younger sister la who makes juliette a part of her family very slowly breaks up juliette 's ice and bitterness and she carefully opens up .
haunted by a secret ben thomas looks for redemption by radically transforming the lives of seven people he doesn 't know . once his plan is set nothing will be able to stop him . at least that 's what he thinks . but ben hadn 't planned on falling in love with one of these people and she 's the one who will end up transforming him .
this is a drama about an aging professional wrestler decades past his prime who now barely gets by working small wrestling shows in vfw halls and as a part -time grocery store employee . as he faces health problems that may end his wrestling career for good he attempts to come to terms with his life outside the ring : by working full time at the grocery store trying to reconcile with the daughter he abandoned in childhood and forming a closer bond with a stripper he has romantic feelings for . he struggles with his new life and an offer of a high -profile rematch with his arch -nemesis the ayatollah which may be his ticket back to stardom .
in this installment of a phenomenal saga of the super natural four young people are caught in a tug -o-war of evil between an imperial wizard and a corrupt general . outrageous special effects galore !
tells the story of benjamin button a man who starts aging backwards with bizarre consequences .
carl allen is at a standstill . no future ... until the day he enrolls into a personal development program based on a very simple idea : say yes to everything ! carl discovers with amazement the magical power of "yes" and sees his professional and romantic life turned upside down overnight : an unexpected promotion and a new girlfriend . but he 'll soon discover that better can be good 's enemy and that all opportunities shouldn 't be taken .
in nazi germany during world war ii as the tide turned in favor of the allies a cadre of senior german officers and politicians desperately plot to topple the nazi regime before the nation is crushed in a near -inevitable defeat . to this end colonel claus von stauffenberg an army officer convinced he must save germany from hitler is recruited to mastermind a real plan . to do so he arranges for the internal emergency measure operation : valkyrie to be changed to enable his fellows to seize control of berlin after the assassination of the fuhrer . however even as the plan is put into action a combination of bad luck and human failings conspire on their own to create a tragedy that would prolong the greater one gripping europe .
interviews archival footage and home movies are used to illustrate a social history of folk artist and activist pete seeger .
takaki and akari are two classmates in elementary school . during their time together they have become close friends . their relationship is tested when akari moves to another city because of her parents ' jobs . both of them struggle to keep their friendship alive as time and distance slowly pulls them apart . when takaki finds out that he is moving further away he decides to visit akari one last time .
as earth is invaded by alien tripod fighting machines one family fights for survival .
ben is different . his life is a universe to itself where he plays his favorite on line computer game archlord avidly trying hard to train himself for the real world he lives in . the harsh world of a technical school is for him a daily kind of hell . as the horror of being a daily subject to bullying grows ben devises a plan . then scarlite comes into his life the girl he has met in his on -line game . that wasn 't part of the plan ...
in marty bronson builds the sunny vista motel in los angeles california with the intention of raising his son skeeter and his daughter wendy in the place where he works . however he is not a good businessman and the hotel goes bankrupt . marty is forced to sell his motel to barry nottingham who promises to hire skeeter in a general manager position when he has grown up . years later barry builds a new hotel ; forgets his promise to marty ; and skeeter bronson is only the handyman of his hotel . the general manager is the arrogant kendall who is engaged with the shallow barry 's daughter violet nottingham . when the webster elementary school where wendy is the principal will be closed to be demolished she needs to travel to arizona for a job interview . wendy asks her friend jill who is teacher in the same school to watch her son patrick and her daughter bobbi during the day and skeeter to watch them during the night . skeeter meets the estranged kids with his best friend mickey and makes up bedtime stories to help them to sleep but the kids add details to the stories changing their endings . soon skeeter realizes that the plot of the stories are coming true and affecting his life . meanwhile barry nottingham decides to give a change to skeeter to dispute the manager position in his new hotel with kendall like in one of his stories . but skeeter has told to his nephew and his niece that stories do not have happy endings .
a sex -addicted con -man pays for his mother 's hospital bills by playing on the sympathies of those who rescue him from choking to death .
a young couple living in a connecticut suburb during the mid struggle to come to terms with their personal problems while trying to raise their two children .
it 's millennium eve and blackadder is hosting a dinner party for a few select friends lady elizabeth viscount george archbishop melchett and archbishop darling . baldrick devises yet another of his infamous cunning plans to help his ever greedy master edmund blackadder con money from his gullible friends . the pair build a "time machine " from empty cereal packets and place bets with their friends as to when in history they will travel retrieving various artifacts from their travels as proof items which blackadder already owns ! however in a strange twist of fate the time machine actually works and the pair are thrown back in history initially to the jurassic period . gradually the pair start to return to their own time stopping off at various famous times in history such as sherwood forest and the battle of waterloo but will they make it home ?
pleasant ebenezer blackadder is turned into a cruel and witty miser after seeing visions of his ancestors and descendants .
in andrew bagby a medical resident is murdered not long after breaking up with his girlfriend . soon after when she announces she 's pregnant one of andrew 's many close friends kurt kuenne begins this film a gift to the child . friends relatives and colleagues say warm and loving things about andrew home movies confirm his exuberance . andrew 's parents kathleen and david move to newfoundland canada where the ex -girlfriend has gone . they await an arrest and trial of the murderer . they negotiate with the ex -girlfriend to visit their grandchild zachary and they seek custody . is there any justice ; is zachary a sweet and innocent consolation for the loss of their son ?
since malibu brat poppy moore 's mom passed away she has pushed her rich usually absent dad gerry shamelessly . when his patience wears out she 's shipped off to her mother 's former english boarding school for girls abbey mount . on her first day she makes enemies of most dorm mates especially dominant lacrosse school captain harriet and of staff disciplinarian mrs . kingsley . unwilling to accept the strict regime she decides to misbehave and take the blame for everyone until she 's dismissed . the school only appealing feature for her is kingsley 's dashing son freddie . when the dream prince transfers his favor from ambitious uptight harriet to unruly poppy that changes everything .
on the run and hiding in the deep forests of the then german -occupied poland and belorussia (world war ii ) the four bielski brothers find the impossible task of foraging for food and weapons for their survival . they live not only with the fear of discovery contending with neighboring soviet partisans and knowing whom to trust but also take the responsibility of looking after a large mass of fleeing polish jews from the german war machine . women men children the elderly and the young alike are all hiding in makeshift homes in the dark cold and unforgiving forests in the darkest times of german -occupied eastern europe .
a family learns important life lessons from their adorable but naughty and neurotic dog .
it 's almost summer in sweden and minor indiscretions and misbehavior abound . leffe likes to show off for his friends and play salacious pranks especially when he 's drinking . meanwhile a righteous grade -school teacher doesn 't know where to draw the line : she insists her fellow educators need a bit of instruction . then there are two young teenage girls who like to pose for sexy photos and to party but one night in a park one of them is found passed out drunk by a complete stranger .
the son of a sailor -year old sosuke lives a quiet life on an oceanside cliff with his mother lisa . one fateful day he finds a beautiful goldfish trapped in a bottle on the beach and upon rescuing her names her ponyo . but she is no ordinary goldfish . the daughter of a masterful wizard and a sea goddess ponyo uses her father 's magic to transform herself into a young girl and quickly falls in love with sosuke but the use of such powerful sorcery causes a dangerous imbalance in the world . as the moon steadily draws nearer to the earth and ponyo 's father sends the ocean 's mighty waves to find his daughter the two children embark on an adventure of a lifetime to save the world and fulfill ponyo 's dreams of becoming human .
a woman 's life is derailed en route to a potentially lucrative summer job . when her car breaks down and her dog is taken to the pound the thin fabric of her financial situation comes apart and she is led through a series of increasingly dire economic decisions .
harvey shine is in london for the weekend for his daughter 's wedding . his work in new york preoccupies him : he writes music for ads and he knows his boss is pushing him aside for younger talent . with family he 's also on the sidelines - long divorced his wife remarried her husband closer to his daughter than he . his path crosses that of kate walker unmarried her life becoming that of a spinster set up by friends on blind dates leading nowhere . after harvey 's no good terrible day he chats kate up at a heathrow bar . she 's not interested . where can this conversation lead ? back at his daughter 's reception the step -father rises to give a toast .
during the japanese invasion of when a wealthy martial artist is forced to leave his home and work to support his family he reluctantly agrees to train others in the art of wing chun for self -defense.
scientists create a genetic clone of a serial killer in order to help catch the killer teaming up with two cops .
after a plane crash a young therapist claire is assigned by her mentor to counsel the flight 's five survivors . when they share their recollections of the incident -- which some say include an explosion that the airline claims never happened -- claire is intrigued by eric the most secretive of the passengers . just as claire 's professional relationship with eric -- despite her better judgment -- blossoms into a romance the survivors begin to disappear mysteriously one by one . claire suspects that eric may hold all the answers and becomes determined to uncover the truth no matter the consequences .
the tale of three unlikely heroes - a misfit mouse who prefers reading books to eating them an unhappy rat who schemes to leave the darkness of the dungeon and a bumbling servant girl with cauliflower ears - whose fates are intertwined with that of the castle 's princess .
two best friends become rivals when they schedule their respective weddings on the same day .
this sprawling miniseries details the trial of lee bishop an aspen man who was arrested tried and sentenced to die for the rape and murder of a -year-old girl --a crime for which bishop is not guilty . as the years pass and bishop sits on death row his attorney tom keating does everything in his power to clear bishop 's name and find the true killer .
a man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour . finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences .
hamlet prince of denmark returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer his uncle . meanwhile war is brewing .
a war has been raging between the vampires and lycan for centuries selene (beckinsale) is a death dealer assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the lycan . when she comes across michael corvin (speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie .
mo has the special talent to bring characters out of books . one night he brings out three characters from inkheart a story set in medieval times and filled with magical beings . capricorn and basta two villains and dustfinger a fire -eater. now years later meggie discovers the truth and it 's up to her to escape capricorn 's evil grasp .
paul blart is a mild -mannered man who works as a security guard in a new jersey mall . for years he has applied to become a cop but he always fails the physical exam because he is overweight . one day a gang of organized criminals put the mall under siege and take hostages . blart becomes trapped inside and because of his sense of duty refuses to leave . he thus becomes the police department 's eyes on the inside and attempts to stop the criminals on his own .
during the reign of the vikings kainan a man from a far -off world crash lands on earth bringing with him an alien predator known as the moorwen . though both man and monster are seeking revenge for violence committed against them kainan leads the alliance to kill the moorwen by fusing his advanced technology with the viking 's iron age weaponry .
a study of the psychology of a champion ski -jumper whose full -time occupation is carpentry .
a young japanese woman who holds the key to stopping the evil spirit of kayako travels to the haunted chicago apartment from the sequel to stop the curse of kayako once and for all .
nursery teacher jenny and her boyfriend steve escape for a romantic weekend away . steve planning to propose has found an idyllic setting : a remote lake enclosed by woodlands and seemingly deserted . the couple 's peace is shattered when a gang of obnoxious kids encircles their campsite . reveling in provoking the adults the gang steals the couple 's belongings and vandalizes their car leaving them completely stranded . when steve confronts them tempers flare and he suffers a shocking and violent attack . fleeing for help jenny is subject to a brutal and relentless game of cat -and-mouse as she desperately tries to evade her young pursuers and find her way out of the woods .
when coraline moves to an old house she feels bored and neglected by her parents . she finds a hidden door with a bricked up passage . during the night she crosses the passage and finds a parallel world where everybody has buttons instead of eyes with caring parents and all her dreams coming true . when the other mother invites coraline to stay in her world forever the girl refuses and finds that the alternate reality where she is trapped is only a trick to lure her .
when zin former girlfriend of a thai mob boss falls for masashi a japanese gangster in thailand the boss banishes them : masashi to japan and zin with her small daughter zen to live next to a martial arts school . zen is autistic with uncanny swift reflexes . she watches the students next door and muay thai movies absorbing every technique . she 's now a teen and her mother needs chemotherapy . zin has taken in a chubby kid moom who watches over zen . moom finds a ledger listing business men who owe zin money ; he goes to them one at a time to collect in order to pay for zin 's treatment . zen with her martial skills becomes his enforcer . a showdown with the boss is inevitable .
two young americans with special abilities must race to find a girl in hong kong before a shadowy government organization called division does .
austin powers is a 's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 's. the world is a very different place for powers . unfortunately for austin everyone is no longer sex -mad. although he may be in a different decade his mission is still the same . he has teamed up with vanessa kensington to stop the evil dr . evil who was also frozen in the past . dr . evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 's) billion dollars . can austin powers stop this madman ? or will he caught up with evil 's henchman with names like alotta fagina and random task ? only time will tell !
a brooklyn -set romantic drama about a bachelor torn between the family friend his parents wish he would marry and his beautiful but volatile new neighbor .
the needy gigi haim is a young woman seeking her prince charming somewhere amongst her unsuccessful dates . after dating estate agent conor barry gigi anxiously expects to receive a phone call from him . however conor never calls her . gigi decides to go to the bar where he frequents to see him but she meets his friend alex who works there . they become friends and alex helps gigi to interpret the subtle signs given out by her dates .
fry a pizza guy is accidentally frozen in and thawed out new year 's eve .
la route est longue la nuit est sombre et richard n 'arrive plus garder les yeux ouverts . en route en direction de montral prs de la frontire qubec /ontario son chemin croise celui d 'un jeune homme qui se tient sur le bord du chemin . afin de combattre le sommeil richard dcide de l 'embarquer...
moomin sniff and my set out to stop a comet approaching the moomin valley . along the way they meet snusmumriken the beautiful snorkfrken snorken and a hemul who join them in their quest .
a black samurai goes on a mission to avenge the wrongful death of his father in a futuristic feudal japan .
daigo kobayashi is a devoted cellist in an orchestra that has just been dissolved and now finds himself without a job . daigo decides to move back to his old hometown with his wife to look for work and start over . he answers a classified ad entitled "departures" thinking it is an advertisement for a travel agency only to discover that the job is actually for a "nokanshi" or "encoffineer" a funeral professional who prepares deceased bodies for burial and entry into the next life . while his wife and others despise the job daigo takes a certain pride in his work and begins to perfect the art of "nokanshi" acting as a gentle gatekeeper between life and death between the departed and the family of the departed . the film follows his profound and sometimes comical journey with death as he uncovers the wonder joy and meaning of life and living .
four teenage kids from the tiny mining town of gold lick vandalize a nineteenth -century cemetery of chinese laborers when one of them disturbs a demon who 's been guarding the souls of workers killed in a cave -in. jeff the surviving teen goes in search of his hero over -the-hill b -movie star bruce campbell . jeff kidnaps the actor and brings him to gold lick to save the town . bruce thinks it 's a birthday treat engineered by his agent so he plays along humoring the townsfolk and chatting up jeff 's unimpressed mom . bodies pile up as the demon slashes . what will the sorry boozy bruce do when he realizes that guan -di the demon is for real ?
when seasoned comedian george simmons learns of his terminal inoperable health condition his desire to form a genuine friendship causes him to take a relatively green performer under his wing as his opening act .
following the defeat of germany in wwii the allies determine that there must be an accounting of german war crimes . twenty -four nazis representative of all sections of military and civilian life are chosen to stand trial for the crimes of conspiracy to commit aggression commission of aggression crimes during war and crimes against humanity . the preparations for the trial the trial itself and its aftermath are shown through the eyes of chief prosecutor robert jackson and through the eyes of reichsmarshal hermann goering the ranking nazi defendant .
three clueless high school nerds best friends for years call themselves the "mystery team " and solve neighborhood crimes - such as who poked a finger in a pie cooling on a window ledge - cute at seven but foolish at . then one morning a young girl pays them a dime to find out who murdered her parents the night before and took her grandmother 's ring . using inept methods the team lucks onto the trail of the bad guys . can they bumble to success and a renewed reputation ? and what about coming of age ?
burt farlander and verona de tessant are a couple steeped in eccentricity and irregularity but are very much in love . so when they find out that verona is pregnant they seem to be taking it in their stride . verona is enjoying pregnancy burt is already practicing skill that he believes a good father should have and they living in the same state as burt 's parents jerry and gloria so that their prospective daughter can have grandparents . however things are shaken up when burt and verona go to dinner at jerry and gloria 's house as burt 's parents reveal a surprising piece of news . they have decided to move to antwerp in belguim a month before the baby is due scuppering burt and verona 's plans of having their children 's grandparents around . because verona lost her parents when she was relatively young she finds this news very hard to take but the resilient couple quickly find a way to turn it in to a positive . it becomes obvious that this is what the pair needed as they decide to embark on a search for the right place for them to raise their daughter . they go to every place they can think of meeting family and friends along the way with laughter and sadness this is a road trip the couple will never forget .
a girl has been murdered . a woman cannot remember a man who claims to be her husband . her uncle hosts a radio murder mystery show called "the unsuspected ". who killed the girl ? why ? and who is this mystery husband ?
the story of italian politician giulio andreotti who has served as prime minister of italy seven times since the restoration of democracy in .
john halder is a 'good' and decent individual with family problems : a neurotic wife two demanding children and a mother suffering from senile dementia . a literary professor halder explores his personal circumstances in a novel advocating compassionate euthanasia . when the book is unexpectedly enlisted by powerful political figures in support of government propaganda halder finds his career rising in an optimistic current of nationalism and prosperity . seemingly inconsequential decisions lead to choices which lead to more choices ... with eventually devastating effect .
insp . jacques clouseau teams up with a squad of international detectives who are just as bumbling as he is . their mission : stop a globe -trotting thief who specializes in stealing historical artifacts .
jack carver a german ex -special forces soldier turned boatman is hired by valerie cardinal a journalist to take her to a nearby island where her uncle max works in a top -secret research facility smuggling information out . however the facility 's director and evil mastermind dr . krieger is actually creating genetically modified super -soldiers with no intelligence and uncle max and val are taken by krieger 's mercenaries . it 's now only up to jack and his trusty handgun to save them and defeat krieger 's evil minions .
edmund is a boy whose favorite story of chanticleer a rooster whose singing makes the sun rise every morning until the grand duke of owls whose kind despises the bright sun makes him look like a fraud . with chanticleer driven from his farm the owls put it under a spell of perpetual darkness and rain . as edmund 's own farm floods he calls to chanticleer only to summon the duke himself who transforms him into a kitten to devour him . rescued by chanticleer 's former friends patou the hound snipes the magpie and peepers the mouse they go on an adventure to the city where the rooster had gone and became a great singing rock star !
an aspiring supervillain must balance his career and his pursuit of a beautiful do -gooder.
man meets woman and invites her home . the two start an intense relationship in order to shield themselves from loneliness .
ray works for claire for the cia . she burns him in dubai . jump ahead five years : he sees her in grand central and confronts her . both now work in industrial security for corporate giants whose ceos hate each other . flashbacks fill us in : is it coincidence that he sees her in grand central ? in about a week one of the firms is going to announce a revolutionary product . under the guise of helping that corporation 's rival can ray and claire work their own theft and find an independent buyer ? to work together using the corporate rivalry to their advantage they would have to trust one another - difficult if not impossible . or is one playing the other ?
m .i.t. professor john koestler links a mysterious list of numbers from a time capsule to past and future disasters and sets out to prevent the ultimate catastrophe .
in the kingdom of ayutthayan conquers the territory of sukhothai expanding their lands to the east . the noble lord siha decho is betrayed by his captain rajasena and is murdered together with his wife . however their son tien is saved by one loyal soldier and left alone in the woods ...
journalist mikael blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by lisbeth salander a young computer hacker .
a family . rose and norah in albuquerque lost their mother when they were young . rose is responsible - a housecleaner raising her seven -year-old son oscar . she 's also having an affair with mac a married cop her high -school sweetheart . norah can 't hold a job . their dad joe is quirky . when oscar is expelled for odd behavior rose wants to earn enough to send him to private school . mac suggests she clean up after crime scenes suicides and deaths that go undiscovered for awhile . rose enlists norah and sunshine cleaners is born . norah bonds with the dead rose finds out that it 's a regulated business and complications arise . can a family marked by tragedy sort things out ?
it 's the story about a lazy irreverent slacker panda named po who is the biggest fan of kung fu around ...which doesn 't exactly come in handy while working every day in his family 's noodle shop . unexpectedly chosen to fulfill an ancient prophecy po 's dreams become reality when he joins the world of kung fu and studies alongside his idols the legendary furious five -- tigress crane mantis viper and monkey -- under the leadership of their guru master shifu . but before they know it the vengeful and treacherous snow leopard tai lung is headed their way and it 's up to po to defend everyone from the oncoming threat . can he turn his dreams of becoming a kung fu master into reality ? po puts his heart - and his girth - into the task and the unlikely hero ultimately finds that his greatest weaknesses turn out to be his greatest strengths .
max peterson is a globe -trotting techno -whiz who installs security systems on computers . he receives an anonymous gift : a phone which sends messages that enable him to win at a casino . max soon finds himself pursed by hit men the casino 's security chief and a cia operative . who 's sending max messages ? previous recipients of similar windfalls have ended up dead . after a couple of close scrapes max realizes he 's in danger so he tries to find out the root of the conspiracy - which seems to have access to every security camera in the world - before he 's the next victim . why is this happening to him and who can he trust ?
when a meteorite from outer space hits a young california woman named susan murphy and turns her into a giant monster she is taken to a secret government compound where she meets a ragtag group of monsters also rounded up over the years . as a last resort under the guidance of general w .r. monger on a desperate order from the president the motley crew of monsters is called into action to combat the aliens and save the world from imminent destruction !
the movie is about sita the hindu goddess from the epic "the ramayana " who accompanies lord rama on a year exile in forest . sita is abducted by ravana the ruler of lanka . this movie tells the story of rama and sita along -with a biographical account of the director 's relationship with her husband .
through examining fini straubinger an old woman who has been deaf and blind since adolescence and her work on behalf of other deaf and blind people this film shows how the deaf and blind ...
ronnie barnhardt lives with his alcoholic mother . he 's chief security guard at forest ridge mall where he 's in love with brandi a cosmetic sales clerk and gets a free coffee each day from nell a cheery clerk in the food court . a flasher haunts the mall 's parking lot and at night thefts occur . ronnie is intent on catching the criminals but has no investigative skills is delusional about his abilities and makes mad accusations . his bte noire is detective harrison the city cop sent to investigate . ronnie thinks he could be an officer thinks he stands a chance with brandi and slowly loses his self control . will reality set in ? what about redemption ?
in james brennan 's dreams of a summer european tour before studying at an ivy league school in new york city are ruined after his parents have a severe career setback . as a result james must get a summer job to cover his upcoming expenses at the decrepit local amusement park adventureland where he falls in love with a witty co -worker emily lewin . in that bizarrely shady workplace the young carnies have unforgettable and painful learning experiences about life love and trust while james discovers what he truly values .
struggling with her debilitating obsession with shopping and the sudden collapse of her income source rebecca bloomwood unintentionally lands a job writing for a financial magazine after a drunken letter -mailing mix -up. ironically writing about the very consumer caution of which she herself has not abided rebecca 's innovative comparisons and unconventional metaphors for economics grants her critical acclaim public success and the admiration of her supportive boss luke . but as she draws closer to her ultimate goal of writing for renowned fashion magazine alette she questions her true ambitions and must determine if overcoming her "shopaholic" condition will bring her real happiness .
sam reide has the ability of traveling to the past and works with the police department solving unresolved crimes witnessing the events with the support of his sister jenna reide and reporting the criminal 's identity to detective dan glenn . when elizabeth brown the sister of his former girlfriend rebecca brown that was murdered a couple of years ago pays a visit to him she tells him that she has just found rebecca 's journal with evidences that lonnie flennons who was accused for the murder is innocent . sam decides to witness the murder of rebecca and his interference affects the future . he travels to the past to try to fix his mistakes but every time he returns the future is in worse condition .
dragonball evolution is a fighting game for the playstation portable based on the live -action film of the same name .
brian o 'conner now working for the fbi in la teams up with dominic toretto to bring down a heroin importer by infiltrating his operation .
a nerdy catholic schoolgirl mary katherine gallagher dreams of superstardom .
the us president and uk prime minister fancy a war . but not everyone agrees that war is a good thing . the us general miller doesn 't think so and neither does the british secretary of state for international development simon foster . but after simon accidentally backs military action on tv he suddenly has a lot of friends in washington dc . if simon can get in with the right dc people if his entourage of one can sleep with the right intern and if they can both stop the prime minister 's chief spin -doctor malcolm tucker rigging the vote at the un they can halt the war . if they don 't... well they can always sack their director of communications judy who they never liked anyway and who 's back home dealing with voters with blocked drains and a man who 's angry about a collapsing wall .
the boat that rocked is an ensemble comedy in which the romance takes place between the young people of the and pop music . it 's about a band of rogue djs that captivated britain playing the music that defined a generation and standing up to a government that wanted classical music and nothing else on the airwaves . the count a big brash american god of the airwaves ; quentin the boss of radio rock -- a pirate radio station in the middle of the north sea that 's populated by an eclectic crew of rock and roll djs ; gavin the greatest dj in britain who has just returned from his drug tour of america to reclaim his rightful position ; dave an ironic intelligent and cruelly funny co -broadcaster; and a fearsome british government official out for blood against the drug takers and lawbreakers of a once -great nation .
based on the true story of the ill -fated apollo mission bound for the moon . astronauts lovell haise and swigert were scheduled to fly apollo but are moved up to . it 's and america have already achieved their lunar landing goal so there 's little interest in this "routine" flight .. until that is things go very wrong and prospects of a safe return fade .
mike o 'donnell is ungrateful for how his life turned out . he gets a chance to rewrite his life when he meets a janitor near a bridge .
a chance encounter between two girls of the same name "nana" triggers a series of events and relationships .
in nazi -occupied france during world war ii a plan to assassinate nazi leaders by a group of jewish u .s. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner 's vengeful plans for the same .
when a congressional aide is killed a washington d .c. journalist starts investigating the case involving the congressman his old college friend .
the story of the controversial brian clough 's -day reign as the coach of the english football club leeds united .
when the hit -man chev chelios is poisoned by the criminal verona his friend and doctor miles advises him that he must keep his adrenaline levels elevated to stay alive . chev meets his girlfriend eve and together they look for verona to kill him .
sam bell has a three year contract to work for lunar industries . for the contract 's entire duration he is the sole employee based at their lunar station . his primary job responsibility is to harvest and periodically rocket back to earth supplies of helium the current clean and abundant fuel used on earth . there is no direct communication link available between the lunar station and earth so his only direct real -time interaction is with gerty the intelligent computer whose function is to attend to his day to day needs . with such little human contact and all of it indirect he feels that three years is far too long to be so isolated ; he knows he is beginning to hallucinate as the end of his three years approaches . all he wants is to return to earth to be with his wife tess and their infant daughter eve who was born just prior to his leaving for this job . with two weeks to go he gets into an accident at one of the mechanical harvesters and is rendered unconscious . injured he awakens back at the station in the infirmary he assumes assisted by gerty . gerty tells him that a rescue team named eliza will come to the station to clean up the aftermath of the accident . after his recuperation he takes an unauthorized trip back to the broken harvester where he makes an unexpected discovery . because of his find he begins to doubt his sanity then his true identity then the company and gerty 's willingness to do what is best for him . because of his resulting beliefs his sole mission becomes how to get back to earth on his own .
dominated by her possessive mother and her bullying consort conroy since childhood teen -aged victoria refuses to allow them the power of acting as her regent in the last days of her uncle william iv 's rule . her german cousin albert is encouraged to court her for solely political motives but following her accession at age eighteen finds he is falling for her and is dismayed at her reliance on trusty prime minister melbourne . victoria is impressed by albert 's philanthropy which is akin to her own desire to help her subjects . however her loyalty to melbourne perceived as a self -seeker almost causes a constitutional crisis and it is albert who helps restore her self -confidence. she proposes and they marry albert proving himself not only a devoted spouse prepared to take an assassin 's bullet for her but an agent of much -needed reform finally endorsed by an admiring melbourne .
two mutant brothers logan and victor born years ago suffer childhood trauma and have only each other to depend on . basically they 're fighters and killers living from war to war through u .s. history . in modern times a u .s. colonel stryker recruits them and other mutants as commandos . logan quits and becomes a logger falling in love with a local teacher . when logan refuses to rejoin stryker 's crew the colonel sends the murderous victor . logan now wants revenge .
a man obsessed with prostitutes discovers that love is a lot more expensive than sex . an entertaining peek into the world of prostitution from the client 's point of view . movies often portray sex -workers but their customers remain well hidden - faceless and nameless . girlfriend experience calls attention to this bias at the same time as it shifts the cinematic gaze onto the client .
a honduran young girl and a mexican gangster are united in a journey across the american border .
on the day of james kirk 's birth his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a romulan time -traveling mining vessel looking for ambassador spock who is also a child on vulcan in this time disdained by his neighbors for his half -human heritage . years later kirk has grown into a young troublemaker . challenged by captain christopher pike to realize his potential in starfleet he comes to annoy instructors like young commander spock . suddenly there is an emergency on vulcan and the newly -commissioned uss enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like nyota uhura hikaru sulu pavel chekov and even kirk himself thanks to leonard mccoy 's medical trickery . together this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins .
a young man much to the chagrin of his father becomes the new assistant to an illusionist in decline .
narrated by tom cruise "stanley kubrick : a life in pictures " goes through each one of his movies and talks to various participants about their memories of working with kubrick . for those who know very little about kubrick the documentary is an excellent career overview . kubrick film clips include "fear and desire " "killer's kiss " "the killing " "paths of glory " "spartacus" "lolita" "dr. strangelove or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb " a space odyssey " "a clockwork orange " "barry lyndon " "the shining " "full metal jacket " and "eyes wide shut ." those appearing include : arthur c . clarke keir dullea shelley duvall james b . harris richard schickel michael herr nicole kidman anya kubrick christiane kubrick gert kubrick katharina kubrick paul mazursky jack nicholson malcolm mcdowell steven spielberg martin scorsese woody allen douglas trumbull marie windsor matthew modine sydney pollack and peter ustinov .
harvard symbologist robert langdon works to solve a murder and prevent a terrorist act against the vatican .
respected liberal senator joe tynan is asked to lead the opposition to a supreme court appointment . it means losing an old friend and fudging principles to make the necessary deals as well as further straining his already part -time family life . but it could be a big boost to his career so he takes it on . helping him prepare the case is pretty southern researcher karen traynor and their developing relationship further complicates and compromises his life .
star wars fanatics take a cross -country trip to george lucas ' skywalker ranch so their dying friend can see a screening of star wars : episode i - the phantom menace before its release .
in in the longview state correctional facility the criminal marcus wright is on death row and is convinced by the cancerous dr . serena kogan to donate his body to her research and he accepts . in after an unsuccessful attack to a skynet facility only john connor survives but he discovers that skynet is developing the powerful new model t out of the blue marcus appears naked and with amnesia in the location . marcus befriends the teenager kyle reese and the girl star who help him to survive the lethal machines and they travel together in a jeep . meanwhile the resistance discovers a signal that might turn -off the machines and john offers to test it . when kyle is captured by a machine and brought to the skynet headquarters marcus decides to help the youngster and heads to skynet ; on the way he saves blair williams who suggests to him that he should meet john connor first . but marcus steps on a mine and is submitted to surgery when a secret about his origins is disclosed .
in new york unemployed and divorced larry daley is a complete loser . his son nick is very disappointed with his father who is going to be evicted . larry accepts the job of night watchman in the museum of natural history and takes the place of three old security guards that have just retired in order to raise some money and pay his bills . on his first shift larry soon realizes that everything at the museum is not as it seems as the statues begin to come to life after the sun sets . the museum transforms into complete chaos with the inexperienced larry in charge as he learns that an old egyptian stone that came to the museum in brings these statues to life until dawn . when larry brings his son to spend a night with him the three old guards break into the museum to try to steal the magical stone . larry organizes all the historic characters to help him stop the criminals and save the museum .
if you had a love -potion who would you make fall madly in love with you ? timothy prone to escaping his dismal high school reality through dazzling musical daydreams gets to answer that question in a very real way . after his eccentric teacher casts him as puck in a midsummer night 's dream he stumbles upon a recipe hidden within the script to create the play 's magical purple love -pansy. armed with the pansy timothy 's fading spirit soars as he puckishly imposes a new reality by turning much of his narrow -minded town gay beginning with the rugby -jock of his dreams . ensnaring family friends and enemies in this chaos timothy forces them to walk a mile in his musical shoes . the course of true love never did run smooth ; it 's a bumpy ride .
starting at midnight january dancer and choreographer michael bennett held a twelve -hour taped get -together with twenty -two dancers talking about themselves he not knowing exactly where it would lead . it would become the genesis for what has become one of the most influential broadway musicals of all time and a show which speaks to theatrical dancers ' hearts : "a chorus line ". in a broadway revival of the show is being mounted with many involved in the original production part of the creative team behind the revival . the issue for the revival 's creative team is to make the show and the casting fresh while respecting the original where the characters their stories and their related songs all came out of the dancers ' stories they who were cast in the original production . although the names and the faces have changed from the dancers auditioning mirror many of the stories and issues faced by those original dancers . as such they "really want this job " as it speaks to who they are and what they do and want to do for a living . it ends up being a difficult process for both sides as there end up being dancers at the start of the eight month audition process .
brothers - older stephen and three years junior bloom - have been con artists since they were kids . stephen is the mastermind for who the intricacy of the story used in the con is as important as the positive outcome of the swindle . bloom is the main character of stephen 's stories the character he considers the anti -hero. as adults they travel the world and never enlist the same people twice in their cons except for their consistent sidekick the mysterious and primarily silent bang bang a japanese woman who just appeared in their lives one day and who has a penchant for blowing things up . as bloom hits his mid -thirties he wants to quit the business as he is losing his own identity to that of the characters he portrays ; he doesn 't know anymore what is real and what is make -believe. stephen talks him into one last con the mark to be the eccentric lonely but beautiful new jersey heiress penelope stamp . penelope 's primary past -time in life is to as she calls it "borrow hobbies ": when she sees something she likes she learns how to do it solely through reading books . as the brothers go through their final con on penelope three main problems may occur to thwart the plan . first the brothers ' former mentor and now arch enemy diamond dog may exact his long awaited revenge on the brothers . second penelope may end up being more unpredictable than all their former marks . and third bloom who has let love slip by in his life may fall for penelope . but through the process no one ever really knows who is conning who .
six vignettes follow the allied invasion from july to winter from sicily north to venice . communication is fragile . a woman leads an allied patrol through a mine field ; she dies protecting a g .i. but the yanks think she killed him . a street urchin steals shoes from a g .i. who tracks him to a shanty town . a g .i. meets a woman the day rome is liberated ; in six months they meet again : he 's cynical she 's a prostitute . a us nurse braves the trip across the arno into german fire in search of a partisan she loves . three chaplains including a jew call on a monastery north in the apennines . allied soldiers and partisans try to escape capture in the marshes of the po .
when gabriel and emilie meet by chance he offers her a ride and they spend the evening talking laughing and getting along famously . at the end of the night emilie declines gabriel 's ...
alejandro a resourceful street orphan on the verge of adolescence lives and works in an auto -body repair shop in a sprawling junkyard on the outskirts of queens new york . in this chaotic world of adults alejandro struggles to make a better life for himself and his sixteen -year-old sister .
a concert pianist falls in love with himself in this modern retelling of the narcissus myth .
when the angels start attacking the planet earth in the year only a handful of -year-old eva pilots are able to stop them . young shinji ikari suddenly finds himself forced to pilot eva a giant organic mecha designed and constructed by nerv that is the only thing that can stop the angels .
a loan officer who evicts an old woman from her home finds herself the recipient of a supernatural curse . desperate she turns to a seer to try and save her soul while evil forces work to push her to a breaking point .
seventy -eight year old carl fredricksen travels to paradise falls in his home equipped with balloons inadvertently taking a young stowaway .
edward elric the fullmetal alchemist is on the other side of the gate . he has befriended someone who resembles his brother al and has met a gypsy resembling rose . he finds out that the germans are planning on opening the gate and attack the other side which is ed and al 's home . although al has learned a lot he cannot stop all of them and ed cannot use alchemy while in the other side . ed tries to stop them and al just tries to be able to talk to his brother again who everyone else thinks is gone .
street dancer thomas uncles is from the wrong side of the tracks but his bond with the beautiful megan white might help the duo realize their dreams as they enter in the mother of all dance battles .
in a small town hlne is a family matriarch who has devoted her life to preserving the legacy of her artist uncle . however while her eldest son frdric wants to preserve her home after her passing she harbors no such illusions as she prepares her legacy . after her death her children realize what she anticipated as they come to terms with their inheritance 's place in their own lives . in the resulting disposition of their mother 's assets treasured heirlooms of a romantic family past drift away even as their changing modern world confronts the value of their memories .
a creative executive gwen and her long -time assistant terry are fired from their jobs . after months gwen shows up at terry 's door broke . gwen cajoles terry into going into business with her as equals which proves difficult after their previous business relationship . gwen also moves in with terry and her brother danny . gwen also has to fight off the advances of danny 's boss guy who owns the bar below where the trio live .
a detective in post -katrina new orleans has a series of surreal encounters with a troop of friendly confederate soldiers while investigating serial killings of local prostitutes a lynching and corrupt local businessmen .
a couple lose their young son when he falls out of a window while they are having sex in another room . the mother 's grief consigns her to hospital but her therapist husband brings her home intent on treating her depression himself . to confront her fears they go to stay at their remote cabin in the woods "eden" where something untold happened the previous summer . told in four chapters with a prologue and epilogue the film details acts of lustful cruelty as the man and woman unfold the darker side of nature outside and within .
this film which is basically the longest narrative film ever made is a hour episodic exploration of the character of franz biberkopf "hero" of alfred dblin 's acclaimed novel as well as the alexanderplatz area of berlin that he inhabits .
a high -powered consultant in love with her upscale miami lifestyle is sent to a middle of nowhere town in minnesota to oversee the restructuring of a blue collar manufacturing plant . after enduring a frosty reception from the locals icy roads and freezing weather she warms up to the small town 's charm and eventually finds herself being accepted by the community . when she 's ordered to close down the plant and put the entire community out of work she 's forced to reconsider her goals and priorities and finds a way to save the town .
several friends take to the mountains and shack -up in the wilderness of back -of-beyond to enjoy a little r & r together their peace is soon interrupted by a mysterious old man warning them of a local curse that during the german occupation of the local area that these nazi invaders were brutal and harsh in their methods of control . telling of the legend of the villager 's revolt that drove them up into the cold dark mountains where they perished that is until rumour of their return in the form of zombies evil nazi zombies .
palaeontologist rick marshall takes will and holly into a new world of danger dinosaurs and big bug -eyed lizard people while trying to find their way back home and too save the universe and in doing so saving his reputation . with the dinosaur with brains brawn and personality and the adventure of scientific advancement and exotic beasts in a far away land it all adds up to time traveling fun and frolics .
armed men hijack a new york city subway train holding the passengers hostage in return for a ransom and turning an ordinary day 's work for dispatcher walter garber into a face -off with the mastermind behind the crime .
a dinnertime marriage proposal with a twist .
zed a prehistoric would -be hunter eats from a tree of forbidden fruit and is banished from his tribe accompanied by oh a shy gatherer . on their travels they meet cain and abel on a fateful day stop abraham from killing isaac become slaves and reach the city of sodom where their tribe is now enslaved . zed and oh are determined to rescue the women they love maya and eema . standing in their way is sodom 's high priest and the omnipresent cain . zed tries to form an alliance with princess innana which may backfire . can an inept hunter and a smart but slender and diffident gatherer become heroes and make a difference ?
mike tyson narrates his life story as a reaction to fear and as a resolution not to be bullied or humiliated as he was when a boy in brooklyn 's mean streets . he starts boxing while at a state detention center ; his coach there sends him to cus d 'amato who becomes trainer father figure and confidence builder . tyson wins a series of championships and for six years is unbeatable . a failed marriage a felony conviction and lack of training lead to his fall . we see later losing fights and archive footage of other incidents in his life . tyson concludes by speaking philosophically about being a father and trying to be a better person .
an intense portrayal of elite soldiers who have one of the most dangerous jobs in the world : disarming bombs in the heat of combat . when a new sergeant james takes over a highly trained bomb disposal team amidst violent conflict he surprises his two subordinates sanborn and eldridge by recklessly plunging them into a deadly game of urban combat behaving as if he 's indifferent to death . as the men struggle to control their wild new leader the city explodes into chaos and james ' true character reveals itself in a way that will change each man forever .
the hockey career of former toronto maple leaf eric mcnally who was known as a tough enforcer came to an end with a shoulder injury . he is now a sportscaster . except to his assistant nula ...
a solitary man who does not speak spanish is an underground courier . two men who are both thuggish and philosophical send him to madrid with cryptic instructions . over the course of a few days he receives his instructions from a series of distinctive individuals who provide words of philosophy or of warning and also give him a matchbox with a tiny piece of paper which he reads then eats accompanied by espresso served in two cups . he is quiet self -contained focused on his work . he has rules . he encounters and at times transmits a violin diamonds a guitar and a map . is he a smuggler ? merely an independent conduit ? or something else ?
the year is . an archeology professor named indiana jones is venturing in the jungles of south america searching for a golden statue . unfortunately he sets off a deadly trap but miraculously escapes . then jones hears from a museum curator named marcus brody about a biblical artifact called the ark of the covenant which can hold the key to humanly existence . jones has to venture to vast places such as nepal and egypt to find this artifact . however he will have to fight his enemy rene belloq and a band of nazis in order to reach it .
a long time ago far away on the planet of cybertron a war is being waged between the noble autobots (led by the wise optimus prime ) and the devious decepticons (commanded by the dreaded megatron ) for control over the allspark a mystical talisman that would grant unlimited power to whoever possesses it . the autobots managed to smuggle the allspark off the planet but megatron blasts off in search of it . he eventually tracks it to the planet of earth (circa ) but his reckless desire for power sends him right into the arctic ocean and the sheer cold forces him into a paralyzed state . his body is later found by captain archibald witwicky but before going into a comatose state megatron uses the last of his energy to engrave into the captain 's glasses a map showing the location of the allspark and to send a transmission to cybertron . megatron is then carried away aboard the captain 's ship . a century later captain witwicky 's grandson sam witwicky (nicknamed spike by his friends ) buys his first car . to his shock he discovers it to be bumblebee an autobot in disguise who is to protect spike who possesses the captain 's glasses and the map engraved on them . but bumblebee is not the only transformer to have arrived on earth - in the desert of qatar the decepticons blackout and scorponok attack a u .s. military base causing the pentagon to send their special sector seven agents to capture all "specimens of this alien race ." spike and his girlfriend mikaela find themselves in the midst of a grand battle between the autobots and the decepticons stretching from hoover dam all the way to los angeles . meanwhile deep inside hoover dam the cryogenically stored body of megatron awakens .
when oh a loveable misfit from another planet lands on earth and finds himself on the run from his own people he forms an unlikely friendship with an adventurous girl named tip who is on a quest of her own . through a series of comic adventures with tip oh comes to understand that being different and making mistakes is all part of being human . and while he changes her planet and she changes his world they discover the true meaning of the word home .
a middle -aged misanthropic divorce from new york city surprisingly enters a fulfilling pygmalion -type relationship with a much younger unsophisticated southern girl .
connor mead a successful fashion photographer and a lothario keen on casual sex goes to his younger brother 's wedding to convince him not to marry . he arrives at his dead uncle 's estate during the rehearsal the night before the wedding ; he starts in taking his brother aside trashing marriage . later in the men 's room his uncle who taught connor all he knows about women appears to him confesses to have been wrong and tells connor that three ghosts will visit him that night : the ghosts of girlfriends past present and future . connor has already set the breakup in motion . can he learn anything from his life and fix what he 's broken ?
the feds try to take down notorious american gangsters john dillinger baby face nelson and pretty boy floyd during a booming crime wave in the .
back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age a sloth named sid a woolly mammoth named manny and a saber -toothed tiger named diego are forced to become unlikely heroes . the three reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age .
structural engineer michael scofield turns himself in to the fox river penitentiary in order to break out his brother lincoln burrows who is on death row for the murder of the vice president 's brother . but lincoln was set up by some of the company (an agency formed by corrupt government officials ) guys headed by general jonathan krantz . michael breaks out from fox river with his brother lincoln and other convicts .
a smart and cynical girl goes through teenage life as a proud outsider in a world of mainly idiotic adolescents and condescending adults .
anna fitzgerald looks to earn medical emancipation from her parents who until now have relied on their youngest child to help their leukemia -stricken daughter kate remain alive .
a hip hop horror anthology of three tales of terror told by the hound of hell that revolve around the residents of an inner -city neighborhood whose actions determine where they will go in the afterlife .
in a gritty and alternate the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered an investigation into the killer is initiated . the reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction but in doing so discover a deeper and far more diabolical plot .
the movie focuses on one of the events in zendegi edame darad and explores the relationship between the movie director and the actors . the local actors play a couple who got married right after the earthquake . in reality the actor is trying to persuade the actress that they should get married .
brno is a gay austrian fashion guru . he has his own fashion based television show funkyzeit the most popular german -language show of its kind outside of germany . after he disgraces himself in front of his funkyzeit fan base he is ruined in german speaking europe . he decides that in his quest for worldwide fame he will move to los angeles and reinvent himself . accompanying him to the us is lutz his former assistant 's assistant . lutz is the only person left in his circle that still believes in brno 's greatness . brno goes through one reinvention of himself after another ultimately straying to areas far removed from his own self . perhaps when brno finds an activity that he truly does love he will also find that ber -fame he so desperately desires .
flynn an over "professional student " is banned from more classes since he already has degrees . unexpectedly hired by a mysterious library he 's soon pursuing a stolen artifact from the library a pursuit taking him to far -off lands .
nick gunar (dolph lundgren ) is a burnt -out jaded and hard -up former mercenary who is having a difficult time adjusting to civilian life . at the end of his rope he is hired by the nitro mine corporation to strong -arm the natives of a south china sea island into giving up their rights to its valuable mineral resources . nick loathes the thought of another mission but this seemingly easy job will earn him enough money to get back with his estranged family . he recruits some of his former mercenary buddies to help him with the job . the island people refuse to give up their land and nick decides to help them fight the greedy corporation that hired him . the island and its people bring nick back to life . he finally finds something worth fighting for and a place to call home . as greed and treachery begin to unravel nick 's band of mercenaries choose sides . some are with him and others still working for the corporation will stop at nothing to destroy him .
as harry potter begins his sixth year at hogwarts he discovers an old book marked as "the property of the half -blood prince " and begins to learn more about lord voldemort 's dark past .
a saga of african -american life based on alex haley 's family history . kunta kinte is abducted from his african village sold into slavery and taken to america . he makes several escape attempts until he is finally caught and maimed . he marries bell his plantation 's cook and they have a daughter kizzy who is eventually sold away from them . kizzy has a son by her new master and the boy grows up to become chicken george a legendary cock fighter who leads his family into freedom . throughout the series the family observes notable events in u .s. history such as the revolutionary and civil wars slave uprisings and emancipation .
nine women meet every wednesday afternoon for weeks of group therapy in this entirely original ultra modern probe into the american psyche .
los angeles street racer dominic toretto falls under the suspicion of the lapd as a string of high -speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area . brian o 'connor an officer of the lapd joins the ranks of toretto 's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict toretto . however o 'connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with toretto 's sister mia . as a rival racing crew gains strength o 'connor must decide where his loyalty really lies .
a traveling theater company gives its audience much more than they were expecting .
santi a young high -school student with a serious physical reaction to sunlight is forced by his health to move with his single mother to a shadowy isolated village in the mountains of spain where the inhabitants begin to reveal themselves as strangely xenophobic . when terrible violent events begin to occur santi becomes first a pariah at school and then strongly suspected by the police of hideous murders . santi himself however wonders if he is not the next victim .
chris morrell the guardian of half -indian girl nina is helping her find her missing white father . so she can cash in on her late mother 's oil lease . outlaw sam black is after the girl and ...
kate and john coleman are rebuilding their troubled marriage . kate had a drinking problem but is in therapy and is doing well . she has been sober for one year . the couple decide to adopt a child . when they meet the nine -year-old russian girl esther at the st . marina orphanage they immediately fall in love with the well -educated orphan . their young son daniel is hostile to his new sister ; but their deaf daughter little max is enchanted with her - at first . eventually kate begins to feel that esther is manipulative and possibly even psychologically disturbed . john refuses to listen to his wife 's misgivings and the wounds in their marriage reopen . kate calls sister abigail at the orphanage and the nun informs her that esther has a troubled and mysterious history . kate delves further into esther 's past and discovers she is not all she pretends to be .
a romantically challenged morning show producer is reluctantly embroiled in a series of outrageous tests by her chauvinistic correspondent to prove his theories on relationships and help ...
a tva bureaucrat comes to the river to do what none of his predecessors have been able to do - evict a stubborn octogenarian from her island before the rising waters engulf her .
slice -of-life look at a sweet working -class couple in london shirley and cyril his mother who 's aging quickly and becoming forgetful mum 's ghastly upper -middle-class neighbors and ...
a group of kids must protect their vacation home from invading aliens .
in a massive star ship bearing a bedraggled alien population nicknamed "the prawns " appeared over johannesburg south africa . twenty -eight years later the initial welcome by the human population has faded . the refugee camp where the aliens were located has deteriorated into a militarized ghetto called district where they are confined and exploited in squalor . in the munitions corporation multi -national united is contracted to forcibly evict the population with operative wikus van der merwe in charge . in this operation wikus is exposed to a strange alien chemical and must rely on the help of his only two new 'prawn' friends .
julia child and julie powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined . though separated by time and space both women are at loose ends ... until they discover that with the right combination of passion fearlessness and butter anything is possible .
in las vegas the regenerated ex -con jack bruno works as taxi driver . during an ufo convention at planet hollywood the skeptical jack picks up dr . alex friedman who will present a scientific lecture in the event . then he is pressed by two henchmen of his former boss the criminal wolff that wants to talk to him but jack does not want to return to the crime life . jack fights and gets rid of them ; out of the blue he finds two teenagers on the backseat of his cab . they tell that they are siblings sara and seth and they need to travel to a location outside las vegas in the middle of nowhere . meanwhile the government finds a spacecraft that crashed nearby las vegas and is chasing the two aliens ; after the investigation of the men of major henry burke they discover that the two siblings are the aliens . jack bruno sara and seth are chased by henry burke 's team and by the "syphon" a killer from outer space that has been sent to kill them by the military of their planet that want to invade earth . sara and seth explain that they traveled to earth to collect scientific data of an experiment and save earth from invasion but they need to return immediately to their planet . jack teams up with dr . alex to retrieve their spacecraft in a secret base in the witch mountain .
based on the successful toy series by hasbro gi joe is the code name for an elite strike force comprising of personnel from all branches of the united states military . their primary purpose is be a counterforce to the huge terrorist organization called cobra which is gunning for world domination .
civilization and its discontents . paul an actor preparing for "uncle vanya " on broadway is mired in ennui . his agent tells him about an office where he can put his soul in storage . he does so then discovers that being soulless helps neither his acting nor his marriage ; he returns to the office and rents for two weeks the soul of a russian poet . his acting improves but his wife finds him different he sees bits of the borrowed soul 's life and he 's now deep in sorrow . he wants his own soul back but there are complications : it 's in st . petersburg . with the help of nina a russian who transports souls to the u .s. he determines to get it back . who has he become ?
this biography of dorothy dandridge follows her career through early days on the club circuit with her sister to her turn in movies including becoming the first black actress to win a best ...
starting off with simple smash and grabs and petty crime lucky kunene quickly graduates to more aggressive heists such as armed robbery and carjacking . soon lucky realizes he needs a bigger score to fulfill his goals of making it big and escaping from the slums to a dream house by the sea . kunene hatches an elaborate and violent plan to make his fortune - hijacking buildings from landlords of johannesburg tenements by winning the favor of the tenants and then holding their rent hostage from the landowners . his high -profile real estate acquisitions attract the attention of the local police force who have no qualms about using unprovoked brutality to bring him down . his trouble with the law coupled with an escalating war between a local drug lord creates a tense standoff : both sides are closing in and kunene must stay one step ahead --or his empire and his life will come crashing down .
werner herzog returns to the south american jungle with juliane koepcke the german woman who was the sole survivor of a plane crash there in . they find the remains of the plane and recreate her journey out of the jungle .
when the angels start attacking the planet earth in the year only a handful of -year-old eva pilots are able to stop them . young shinji ikari suddenly finds himself forced to pilot eva a giant organic mecha designed and constructed by nerv that is the only thing that can stop the angels .
law school graduate alex stillman isn 't happy as junior clerk in his domineering father 's firm but finds distraction as highly gifted internet poker player . legendary tommy vinson who retired years ago for his wife 's sake successfully offers to coach alex for half of the fortunate he can learn to win in las vegas . the training focusing on bluffing and dirty tricks goes well until alex feels abused by a girl hired by vinson . they end up both entering the world tour grand final .
charles eames gives a lecture accompanied by a slide show discussing how certain kinds of items such as a bolt of cloth a keg of nails or a ream of paper are the kinds of goods that people lay great store in .
soon after moving in beth a brainy beautiful writer damaged from a past relationship encounters adam the handsome but odd fellow in the downstairs apartment whose awkwardness is perplexing . beth and adam 's ultimate connection leads to a tricky relationship that exemplifies something universal : truly reaching another person means bravely stretching into uncomfortable territory and the resulting shake -up can be liberating .
do we ever get what we want ? brian sells mattresses in a warehouse store . his father and older brothers have material success ; he wants a child . he 's applied to adopt a baby from china . a man who appears homeless seems to be stalking brian with violent intent . he meets happy the daughter of a rich quirky customer . she doesn 't stick to anything but she and brian hit it off except for her vomiting when she learns about his adoption idea . he wants her to meet his family and there 's a call about the adoption . what will happy do ?
when henry detamble meets clare abshire in a chicago library they both understand that he is a time traveler but she knows much more about him as he has not yet been to the times and places where they have already met . he falls in love with her as she has already with him but his continuing unavoidable absences while time traveling - and then returning with increasing knowledge of their future - makes things ever more difficult for clare .
man meets woman and invites her home . the two start an intense relationship in order to shield themselves from loneliness .
the story is about a team of trained secret agent guinea pigs that takes on a mission for the us government . a specially trained squad of guinea pigs is dispatched to stop a diabolical billionaire who plans to taking over the world with household appliances .
in a hot -headed year old named michael peterson decided he wanted to make a name for himself and so with a homemade sawn -off shotgun and a head full of dreams he attempted to rob a post office . swiftly apprehended and originally sentenced to years in jail peterson has subsequently been behind bars for years of which have been spent in solitary confinement . during that time michael petersen the boy faded away and 'charles bronson ' his superstar alter ego took center stage . inside the mind of bronson - a scathing indictment of celebrity culture .
a revealing movie about the tumultuous life of little richard penniman whose ground -breaking music revolutionized rock and roll . growing up a social misfit in poverty little richard 's passion talent and flamboyance catapulted him into the limelight of rock music . his career was rocked by his homosexuality his fundamental beliefs and the pervasive discrimination within the music industry . we go through his chart -topping years when he lived the quintessential rock and roll life indulging in all -night orgies and the spiritual callings that pulled him in and out of the music industry . but as alcohol and drug addition plagued his career in the late little richard makes the life -saving decision to return to his family . through their love and strength and little richard 's resolve he moves on in history to become one of the most memorable performers in rock and roll .
chance marquis a confident self -assured quick -witted perceptive outspoken and clear -headed gay teenager reflects back on his first year at an international high school . while meeting and making friends with an assortment of types he also has the targeted attentions of a mirthless vice principal and a bullying homophobic soccer jock out to make his life miserable . at home chance 's perceptive little sister openly shares all his confidential secrets with their widowed career -army father seeking common ground with his atypical children . introduced to a drag club chance finds fun and success in a cross -dressing contest but a photo of his participation makes life at a school a living hell . time to find out the depths of your friendships .
a documentary on the electric guitar from the point of view of three significant rock musicians : the edge jimmy page and jack white .
ryden malby has planned her academic life since she was in high school to get a college scholarship ; now she has just graduated in english and in her master plan she expects to get a job as assistant editor in the publishing house happerman & browning in los angeles . her platonic best friend is adam davis who has a crush on her and is frequently close to her . however her arrogant classmate jessica bard gets the position and ryden is forced to return home in the suburb to live with her family : her optimistic father walter who wants to do everything by himself ; her careful mother carmella who administrates the short resources of her family ; her eccentric grandmother maureen ; and her weird little brother hunter who wants to race in a boxcar derby . ryden unsuccessfully seeks a job and feels frustrated but is emotionally supported by adam . when walter accidentally runs over the cat of his next -door neighbor david santiago with ryden 's car they visit him to give their sympathies . ryden feels attracted by the handsome brazilian and has a brief affair with him forgetting adam who decides to move to new york to study at columbia law school . meanwhile ryden is invited to join happerman & browning and discovers that feelings cannot be planned .
a young child is terrified to discover that a planned family trip is to be haunted by vile plant -eating monsters out of his worst nightmare . his attempt to save his beloved family is assisted by the spectre of his deceased grandfather . also there are no trolls in this movie only goblins .
a man working at his parents ' motel in the catskills inadvertently sets in motion the generation -defining concert in the summer of .
in a continuation of the plot of halloween michael myers shows off his indestructability by resuming his murder spree despite being gunned down with six bullets in the original movie . laurie strode is once more his intended victim with dr . sam loomis again in hot persuit .
: ray kasten (chiwetel ejiofor ) and jess cooper (julia roberts ) are two investigators in a private police unit led by the da . when they receive an anonymous tip about a girl raped and killed they rush to the scene . ray realizes it is jess ' daughter and the team falls apart due to the grief . in ray comes back to la and says that after years he has found a lead and convinces the da to reopen the case . they find clues and leads unknown to them and secrets from the past come to light as they start discovering the real chilling truth . meanwhile jess dissatisfied with the law decides to take matters into her own hands and track down the killer no matter what lengths she has to go to .
a rag doll that awakens in a postapocalyptic future holds the key to humanity 's salvation .
state vs . religion in century france .
while drinking at their local pub three social outcasts attempt to navigate a time -travel conundrum .
from july to the outbreak of world war i a series of incidents take place in a german village . a horse trips on a wire and throws the rider ; a woman falls to her death through rotted planks ; the local baron 's son is hung upside down in a mill ; parents slap and bully their children ; a man is cruel to his long -suffering lover ; another sexually abuses his daughter . people disappear . a callow teacher who courts a nanny in the baron 's household narrates the story and tries to investigate the connections among these accidents and crimes . what is foreshadowed ? are the children holy innocents ? god may be in his heaven but all is not right with the world ; the center cannot hold .
louis meets the phelps family who protest against an america that tolerates homosexuality
two crew members are stranded on a spacecraft and quickly - and horrifically - realize they are not alone . two astronauts awaken in a hyper -sleep chamber aboard a seemingly abandoned spacecraft . it 's pitch black they are disoriented and the only sound is a low rumble and creak from the belly of the ship . they can 't remember anything : who are they ? what is their mission ? with lt . payton staying behind to guide him via radio transmitter cpl . bower ventures deep into the ship and begins to uncover a terrifying reality . slowly the spacecraft 's shocking deadly secrets are revealed ...and the astronauts find their own survival is more important than they could ever have imagined .
a reporter trying to lose himself in the romance of war after his marriage fails gets more than he bargains for when he meets a special forces agent who reveals the existence of a secret psychic military unit whose goal is to end war as we know it . the founder of the unit has gone missing and the trail leads to another psychic soldier who has distorted the mission to serve his own ends .
the true story of the life of gavino ledda the son of a sardinian shepherd and how he managed to escape his harsh almost barbaric existence by slowly educating himself despite violent ...
a newly possessed high school cheerleader turns into a succubus who specializes in killing her male classmates . can her best friend put an end to the horror ?
the u .s. government decides to go after an agro -business giant with a price -fixing accusation based on the evidence submitted by their star witness vice president -turned-informant mark whitacre .
joel the owner of an extract plant tries to contend with myriad personal and professional problems such as his potentially unfaithful wife and employees who want to take advantage of him .
alex is boarding his plane to france on a school trip when he suddenly gets a premonition that the plane will explode . when alex and a group of students are thrown off the plane to their horror the plane does in fact explode . alex must now work out death 's plan as each of the surviving students falls victim . whilst preventing the worst from happening alex must also dodge the fbi which believes alex caused the explosion .
ken castle is extremely rich popular and powerful since he invented and started exploiting the virtual online parallel reality games in which people can either pay as user or be paid as 'actor' in a system of mind -control. the ultimate version slayers fields death row convicts as gladiators in a desperate dim bid for survival which no -one made yet . the champion john 'kable' tillman was scheduled to die just before he 'ld gain release but he persuades his teenage 'handler' to hand over the reins so he can fully use his talents and experience . thus kable escapes to freedom only to be chased illegally by castle 's men yet fights back all the way to his hq and challenges his evil hidden plans .
a local scientist is often regarded as a failure until he invents a machine that can make food fall from the sky . but little does he know that things are about to take a turn for the worst .
the current method of raw food production is largely a response to the growth of the fast food industry since the . the production of food overall has more drastically changed since that time than the several thousand years prior . controlled primarily by a handful of multinational corporations the global food production business - with an emphasis on the business - has as its unwritten goals production of large quantities of food at low direct inputs (most often subsidized ) resulting in enormous profits which in turn results in greater control of the global supply of food sources within these few companies . health and safety (of the food itself of the animals produced themselves of the workers on the assembly lines and of the consumers actually eating the food ) are often overlooked by the companies and are often overlooked by government in an effort to provide cheap food regardless of these negative consequences . many of the changes are based on advancements in science and technology but often have negative side effects .the products made have been shown in several studies to enlarge male sexual organs and increase male breast size . the answer that the companies have come up with is to throw more science at the problems to bandage the issues but not the root causes . the global food supply may be in crisis with lack of biodiversity but can be changed on the demand side of the equation .
sang -hyun a priest working for a hospital selflessly volunteers for a secret vaccine development project intended to eradicate a deadly virus . however the virus eventually takes over the priest . he nearly dies but makes a miraculous recovery by an accidental transfusion of vampire blood . he realizes his sole reason for living : the pleasures of the flesh .
a visually stunning documentary that reflects human 's relationship to other species on earth as humanity becomes more and more isolated from nature .
after moving into a suburban home a couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence .
the story of "ozploitation" movies - a time when australian cinema showed an explosion of sex violence horror and action . includes anecdotes lessons in maverick filmmaking and a genuine love of australian movies . it moves through aussie genre cinema of the and early - claiming it 's an unjustly forgotten cinematic era of boobs pubes tubes ... and even a little kung fu .
doctor gulliver is poor so nothing - not even his charming fiance elisabeth - keeps him in the town he lives . he signs on to a ship to india but in a storm he 's washed off the ship and ...
lance clayton is a man who has learned to settle . he dreamed of being a rich and famous writer but has only managed to make it as a high school poetry teacher . his only son kyle is an insufferable jackass who won 't give his father the time of day . lance is dating claire the school 's adorable art teacher but she doesn 't want to get serious -- or even acknowledge publicly that they are dating . then in the wake of a freak accident lance suffers the worst tragedy and greatest opportunity of his life . he is suddenly faced with the possibility of all the fame fortune and popularity he ever dreamed of if he can only live with the knowledge of how he got there .
fictionalized account of the adventures of hired gunman antonio das mortes set against the real life last days of rural banditism . the movie follows antonio as he witnesses the descent of common rural worker manuel into a life of crime joining the gang of antonio 's sworn enemy corisco the blond devil (othon bastos ) and the pedra bonita massacre .
still walking is a family drama about grown children visiting their elderly parents which unfolds over one summer day . the aging parents have lived in the family home for decades . their ...
a frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin and that he shares his father 's superhuman killing abilities .
richard o 'barry was the man who captured and trained the dolphins for the television show flipper o 'barry's view of cetaceans in captivity changed from that experience when as the last straw he saw that one of the dolphins playing flipper - her name being kathy - basically committed suicide in his arms because of the stress of being in captivity . since that time he has become one of the leading advocates against cetaceans in captivity and for the preservation of cetaceans in the wild . o 'barry and filmmaker 'louie psihoyos (i)' go about trying to expose one of what they see as the most cruel acts against wild dolphins in the world in taiji japan where dolphins are routinely corralled either to be sold alive to aquariums and marine parks or slaughtered for meat . the primary secluded cove where this activity is taking place is heavily guarded . o 'barry and psihoyos are well known as enemies by the authorities in taiji the authorities who will use whatever tactic to expel the two from japan forever . o 'barry psihoyos and their team covertly try to film as a document of conclusive evidence this cruel behavior . they employ among others hollywood cameramen and deep sea free divers . they also highlight what is considered the dangerous consumption of dolphin meat (due to its high concentration of mercury ) which is often sold not as dolphin meat and the japanese government 's methodical buying off of poorer third world nations for their support of japan 's whaling industry that support most specifically at the international whaling commission .
larry gopnik a midwestern physics teacher watches his life unravel over multiple sudden incidents . though seeking meaning and answers amidst his turmoils he seems to keep sinking .
the rizzos a family who doesn 't share their habits aspirations and careers with one another find their delicate web of lies disturbed by the arrival of a young ex -con (strait) brought ...
as the light fades and the city goes to sleep two forces emerge . they are invisible except for the power they exert over us in our sleep battling for our souls through dreams . one force delivers hope and strength through good dreams ; the other infuses the subconscious with desperation through nightmares . john and emma father and daughter are wrenched into this fantastical dream world battle forced to fight for john 's soul and to save emma from an eternal nightmare . separate in their journey they encounter unusual characters that exist only in their subconscious . or do they ?
after losing her unborn child madeline matheson insists on carrying the baby to term . following the delivery the child miraculously returns to life with an appetite for human blood . madeline is faced with a mother 's ultimate decision .
the story follows the adventures of el superbeasto a washed -up mexican luchador and his sultry sidekick and sister suzi -x as they confront an evil villain by the name of dr . satan . the adventure set in the mythic world of monsterland also has a character named murray the robot .
in bodeen texas an indie -rock loving misfit finds a way of dealing with her small -town misery after she discovers a roller derby league in nearby austin .
it 's a world where everyone tells the truth - and just about anything they 're thinking . mark bellison is a screenwriter about to be fired . he 's short and chunky with a flat nose - a genetic setup that means he won 't get to first base with anna the woman he loves . at a bank on the spur of the moment he blurts out a fib with eye -popping results . then when his mother 's on her deathbed frightened of the eternal void awaiting her mark invents fiction . the hospital staff overhear his description of heaven believe every word and tell others . soon mark is a prophet his first inventive screenplay makes him rich and he 's basically a good guy . but will that be enough for anna ?
the boys are recruited by a gang of thugs to get a coffin containing one of their far from dead colleagues to dayton to try and get at an inheritance . after the coffin gets switched with the one dante the magician uses in his act his stage show gets more than usually popular .
people are living their lives remotely from the safety of their own homes via robotic surrogates -- sexy physically perfect mechanical representations of themselves . it 's an ideal world where crime pain fear and consequences don 't exist . when the first murder in years jolts this utopia fbi agent greer discovers a vast conspiracy behind the surrogate phenomenon and must abandon his own surrogate risking his life to unravel the mystery .
two inept criminals are mistakenly delivered a package of cocaine and think they 've hit the jackpot triggering a series of events that changes ten people 's lives forever .
searching for family . in the early twenty -first century zombies have taken over america . a shy and inexperienced college student in texas has survived by following his rules : such as "look in the back seat " "double-tap" "avoid public restrooms ." he decides to travel to ohio to see if his parents are alive . he gets a ride with a boisterous zombie -hating good -old boy headed for florida and soon they confront a young woman whose sister has been bitten by a zombie and wants to be put out of her misery . the sisters were headed to an la amusement park they 've heard is zombie free . can the kid from ohio get to his family ? and what about rule thirty one ?
u .s. marshal carrie stetko is three days from the end of her tour at an international research station in antarctica after which she 'll resign . an incident from her past haunts her . the continent 's first winter storm is coming when a body wearing no gear is discovered in the tundra . she investigates soon finds more bodies and must find a motive and a murderer before the storm and her departure . a u .n. agent robert pryce appears seemingly out of nowhere to help . an aging physician about to retire a nervous mission chief a downed soviet plane and the weather 's deadly elements add to the story . can carrie trust pryce and does she still have what it takes ?
in the early 's sixteen year old jenny mellor lives with her parents in the london suburb of twickenham . on her father 's wishes everything that jenny does is in the sole pursuit of being accepted into oxford as he wants her to have a better life than he . jenny is bright pretty hard working but also naturally gifted . the only problems her father may perceive in her life is her issue with learning latin and her dating a boy named graham who is nice but socially awkward . jenny 's life changes after she meets david goldman a man over twice her age . david goes out of his way to show jenny and her family that his interest in her is not improper and that he wants solely to expose her to cultural activities which she enjoys . jenny quickly gets accustomed to the life to which david and his constant companions danny and helen have shown her and jenny and david 's relationship does move into becoming a romantic one . however jenny slowly learns more about david and by association danny and helen and specifically how they make their money . jenny has to decide if what she learns about them and leading such a life is worth forgoing her plans of higher eduction at oxford .
using smuggled footage this documentary tells the story of the protests in burma by thousands of monks .
a short documentary in which directors werner herzog and erol morris make a bet which results in herzog being forced to eat his own shoe .
dave and ronnie jason and cynthia and joey and lucy are close . the group used to include shane and jennifer but they divorced and she 's gone . jason and cynthia announce that their marriage is in trouble and they beg their friends (and shane 's young girlfriend ) to join them on a couples ' retreat at the package rate on a tropical island . the others reluctantly agree planning to play while jason and cynthia work on their marriage with an island psychologist . to everyone 's surprise the package is inflexible : each couple must participate in the couples ' exercises . soon fault lines appear in all four relationships . what 's in store for each couple ?
two high school boys discover an imprisoned woman in an abandoned mental asylum who cannot die .
century justice catches up with a pair of grave robbers . with only a few hours to go before his date with the guillotine arthur blake tells his life story to father francis duffy . before long arthur spills the beans on how he got started in the grim corpse peddling business with seasoned ghoul willie grimes .
a young boy named max has an active imagination and he will throw fits if others don 't go along with what he wants . max - following an incident with claire (his sister ) and her friends and following a tantrum which he throws as a result of his mother paying more attention to her boyfriend than to him - runs away from home . wearing his wolf costume at the time max not only runs away physically but runs toward a world in his imagination . this world an ocean away is inhabited by large wild beasts including one named carol who is much like max himself in temperament . instead of eating max like they normally would with creatures of his type the wild things befriend max after he proclaims himself a king who can magically solve all their problems .
in sultry charleston where summer is long and secrets simmer behind every door sex and crime walk hand in hand as two adversaries a gorgeous yankee litigator and a southern city attorney struggle to hide their intense attraction while clashing over a police sex scandal that threatens to implode the city .
alain lefevre is a boxer paid by a marseille mobster to take a dive . when he wins the fight he attempts to flee to america with the mobster 's girlfriend katrina . this plan fails and he seeks escape by joining the foreign legion . as part of the legion he tangles with abusive lieutenant steinkampf and bonds with legionnaires luther mackintosh and rosetti . the mobster discover his whereabouts and enrolls two hitmen to finish him off . with their fort under siege and enemies within lefevre finds that second chances are difficult to come by in the legion .
after being apprehended detained humiliated and denied legal counsel by the federal bureau of investigation omar ehzaz originally from delhi 's lajpatnagar relates to the investigator roshan assigned to his case how he arrived in new york during ; his friendship with samir shaikh and student counselor maya ; the events of september ; the subsequent paranoia fear racial profiling generated and aggravated by the tyrannical right -winged regime of george w . bush and how he came to be in possession of several and plastic explosives that were confiscated from his taxi -cab.
clyde shelton 's family is brutally murdered . the ones responsible are caught . however because of improper procedure the d .a. nick rice only has circumstantial evidence . so he decides to get one of them to testify against the other . when shelton learns of this he is not happy . ten years later the one who was convicted is being executed but something goes wrong ; his execution goes awry and he suffers . they learn that someone tampered with the machine . and the other one is found dead killed in a gruesome manner . rice suspects shelton so he has him picked up . at first shelton agrees to a plea agreement with rice but changes his mind . it appears that shelton is not done it appears he blames the whole system and is declaring war on it going after everyone involved with his family 's case . so rice has to stop him but shelton is way ahead of him .
amelia earhart a kansas girl discovers the thrill of aviation at age and within years has progressed to winning the distinguished flying cross for being the first woman to pilot a plane solo across the atlantic ocean . at age she sets out on an attempt to circumnavigate the globe an adventure that catapults her into aviation myth .
in the mid a homely friendless australian girl of picks a name out of a manhattan phone book and writes to him ; she includes a chocolate bar . she 's mary dinkle the only child of an alcoholic mother and a distracted father . he 's max horowitz an overweight man with asperger 's living alone in new york . he writes back with chocolate . thus begins a -year correspondence interrupted by a stay in an asylum and a few misunderstandings . mary falls in love with a neighbor saves money to have a birthmark removed and deals with loss . max has a friendship with a neighbor tries to control his weight and finally gets the dream job . will the two ever meet face to face ?
ryan bingham is a corporate downsizing expert whose cherished life on the road is threatened just as he is on the cusp of reaching ten million frequent flyer miles and just after he 's met the frequent -traveler woman of his dreams .
susan murphy (a.k.a. ginormica ) and the monsters are now working with the us government as special ops . so when an alien presence is detected in susan 's hometown of modesto california -- right before halloween -- the team is dispatched to investigate . everything appears normal right down to the jack -o-lanterns peering out from every doorstep and windowsill . but when halloween arrives those innocent -looking carved pumpkins reveal themselves for what they really are mutant aliens . the altered pumpkins then start to implement their fiendish plan to take over earth . the monsters are there to combat the mutant gourds and try to smash their wicked scheme !
the setting is on a floating platform where a group of evenly and carefully placed men live . each man is aware that the platform is not stable and in order not to fall to their deaths they maintain a careful balance of weight to prevent the platform from tipping too far and cause them all to fall . this reasonably harmonious understanding is lost when one man pulls up a heavy trunk . in the ensuing struggle balance is lost in more than one sense .
transfer student monami has a secret and a past that has caught up with mizushima . deceiving mizushima into eating a token gift of chocolate laced with her blood he is then catapulted into monami 's vampire world of blood death and love . jilted girlfriend keiko has other ideas . with a sudden twist of fate she is then transformed into the hideous and unforgiving frankenstein girl and the battle for mizushima 's heart begins .
special agent strahm is dead and detective hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to jigsaw 's legacy . however when the fbi draws closer to hoffman he is forced to set a game into motion and jigsaw 's grand scheme is finally understood .
a documentary special for about the making of michael jackson 's this is it .
teenager darren shan is an excellent student and the pride and joy of his perfect middle -class family ; his best friend is the reckless steve . when they receive a flyer with an advertisement for a freak show they sneak to the theater to see the attractions . the ringmaster is a vampire called larten crepsley that has a lethal spider . after the show steve tells darren to go home . however he returns and overhears steve unsuccessfully trying to convince larten to transform him into a vampire . darren steals larten 's spider which bites steve later and he seeks out larten asking for an antidote for his friend . larten proposes a deal to darren .
chris rock a man with two daughters asks about good hair as defined by black americans mostly black women . he visits bronner brothers ' annual hair convention in atlanta . he tells us about sodium hydroxide a toxin used to relax hair . he looks at weaves and he travels to india where tonsure ceremonies produce much of the hair sold in america . a weave is expensive : he asks who makes the money . we visit salons and barbershops central to the black community . rock asks men if they can touch their mates ' hair - no it 's decoration . various talking heads (many of them women with good hair ) comment . it 's about self image . maya angelou and tracie thoms provide perspective .
this is the story of african -american action legend black dynamite . the man killed his brother pumped heroin into local orphanages and flooded the ghetto with adulterated malt liquor . black dynamite was the one hero willing to fight the man all the way from the blood -soaked city streets to the hallowed halls of the honky house ..
paul aufiero a hardcore new york giants football fan struggles to deal with the consequences when he is beaten up by his favorite player .
when an android replica of a boy is rejected by his aggrieved creator he goes off to find his own identity in an adventure that would make him the greatest hero of his time .
benjamin home -schooled by his eccentric mother is a loner whose passion for writing leads him on an journey as his story first gets ripped off by the legendary fantasy novelist ronald chevalier and then is adapted into a disastrous movie by the small town 's most prolific homespun filmmaker .
it is the story of one mr . fox and his wild -ways of hen heckling turkey taking and cider sipping nocturnal instinctive adventures . he has to put his wild days behind him and do what fathers do best : be responsible . he is too rebellious . he is too wild . he is going to try "just one more raid " on the three nastiest meanest farmers that are boggis bunce and bean . it is a tale of crossing the line of family responsibilities and midnight adventure and the friendships and awakenings of this country life that is inhabited by fantastic mr . fox and his friends .
in this one -man show starring rich little ebeneezer scrooge (played by rich as w .c. fields ) hates christmas and it 's up to the ghosts of christmas past (played by rich as humphrey bogart ) present (played by rich as columbo ) and future (played by rich as inspector clouseau ) to convince him otherwise
the second war against the cylons is over and the twelve colonies have been destroyed . now commander adama of the battlestar galatica and president laura roslin lead a ragtag fleet of refugees in a supposed search for the fabled lost thirteenth colony earth . however the dangers they face are many which compound an already difficult situation . in addition to the cylons hunting and attacking the fleet in space and their infiltrator units carrying out sabotage -even as their former unwitting pawn gaius baltar helps in the hunt for them while hiding both his own guilt and the strange presence that haunts his every thought the fleet also faces internal political conflict in which the rabble -rousing figure tom zarek is merely the loudest dissenting voice not to mention recurring shortages of food water and even oxygen . in the midst of these trials however clues begin to appear to suggest that adama 's bluff about finding earth might hold more truthful than anyone could have guessed .
everyone knows that the stork delivers babies but where do the storks get the babies from ? the answer lies up in the stratosphere where cloud people sculpt babies from clouds and bring ...
an old mother and her middle -aged daughter the aunt and cousin of jacqueline kennedy onassis live their eccentric lives in a filthy decaying mansion in east hampton .
a frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind .
norma and arthur lewis a suburban couple with a young child receive a simple wooden box as a gift which bears fatal and irrevocable consequences . a mysterious stranger delivers the message that the box promises to bestow upon its owner million with the press of a button . however pressing this button will simultaneously cause the death of another human being somewhere in the world someone they don 't know . with just hours to have the box in their possession norma and arthur find themselves in the cross -hairs of a startling moral dilemma and must face the true nature of their humanity .
harry caine a blind writer reaches this moment in time when he has to heal his wounds from years back . he was then still known by his real name mateo blanco and directing his last movie .
in a scale of measurement was established for alien encounters . when a ufo is sighted it is called an encounter of the first kind . when evidence is collected it is known as an encounter of the second kind . when contact is made with extraterrestrials it is the third kind . the next level abduction is the fourth kind . modern -day alaska where -mysteriously since the -a disproportionate number of the population has been reported missing every year . despite multiple fbi investigations of the region the truth has never been discovered . here in this remote region psychologist dr . abigail tyler began videotaping sessions with traumatized patients and unwittingly discovered some of the most disturbing evidence of alien abduction ever documented . the fourth kind exposes the terrified revelations of multiple witnesses . their accounts of being visited by alien figures all share disturbingly identical details the validity of which is investigated throughout the film .
it 's harlem . sixteen year old claireece jones - who goes by her middle name precious - is an illiterate overweight black girl . she is pregnant with her second child both children fathered by her biological father who has continually raped her since she was a child but who she doesn 't see otherwise . her infant daughter mongo - such named since she has down syndrome - lives with precious ' grandmother . precious lives with her mother mary who abuses precious both physically and emotionally . mary does nothing but smoke watch television and collect welfare through fraud (as she doesn 't ever look for a job ) and believes that education does nothing for precious who she would rather also collect welfare if only to bring money into the household . to escape her life precious often daydreams of herself in glamorous situations . because of her current pregnancy precious ' principal transfers her into an alternative school . in dealing with the school 's sympathetic teacher miss blu rain precious begins to believe that she can have a future by learning how to read and write . despite some devastating news from her mother following the birth of her child precious also begins to believe she can escape the grips of her abusive mother who up to this point was precious ' only real support .
while investigating a young nun 's rape a corrupt new york city police detective with a serious drug and gambling addiction tries to change his ways and find forgiveness .
edward leaves bella after an attack that nearly claimed her life and in her depression she falls into yet another paranormal relationship - this time with werewolf jacob black .
paul part -time laborer and amateur artist leads an unremarkable life like any other until his world is disrupted by vivid revelations of the afterlife . at first a welcome respite from reality his waking visions soon reveal a demonic conspiracy at work within his own community . one by one prominent members of high society fall victim to a series of mysterious assassination attempts . as the government scrambles to contain the rising panic of the ruling class public disillusionment grows . amidst the maelstrom paul becomes entangled in a web of powerful elite evangelical cults and a plot that could not only bring down the country 's economy but also incite the total collapse of society . filmed before the icelandic banking crash that shocked the world messenger is a prediction of chaos turned prophetic . while many of its projections have already been fulfilled by recent events one can only hope that the remainder will not ...
trained since childhood to be a lethal killer raizo has since turned his back on the ozunu clan that raised him and now seeks revenge for their heartless murders . teaming up with europol investigator mika raizo steadily butchers his enemies while inching ever closer to the long -awaited bloody reunion with his former master .
when santa and his reindeer crash onto madagascar it 's up to alex marty gloria melvin and the penguins to save christmas .
before leaving on his second tour in afghanistan marine captain sam cahill a leader an athlete a good husband and father welcomes his screw -up brother tommy home from prison . he 'd robbed a bank . in country sam 's helicopter is shot down and all are presumed dead . back home while sam wastes away as a prisoner in a remote encampment tommy tries to take care of the widow and her two children . while imprisoned sam experiences horrors unbearable so when he 's rescued and returns home he 's silent detached without affect and he 's convinced his wife and brother have slept together . demons of war possess him ; what will silence them ?
the camera follows a fly as it walks about the body of a nude woman . shot in extreme closeup (and accompanied by ono 's eponymous song ) the film sets out to celebrate the human body .
billy blazes confronts crooked charley who has been ruling the town of peaceful vale through fear and violence .
set in a near -future militarized world marked by closed borders virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology .
a couple visits mexico to scout a new location for their furniture manufacturing business and hit a cop with their car on the way back stateside . realizing that if they report it they could land in a mexican jail (guilty until proven innocent ) they clean up the car and return home . a few days later an insistent man shows up wanting a job and insinuating that he saw something in mexico that he would not want to report and the couple must make a decision about how far they will allow themselves to be blackmailed .
on the school bus there is an order . every girl has her place . but there 's no telling what happens after the crash .
unable to cope with a recent personal tragedy la 's top celebrity shrink turns into a pothead with no concern for his appearance and a creeping sense of his inability to help his patients .
charlie and dan have been best friends and business partners for thirty years and their manhattan public relations firm is on the verge of a huge business deal with a japanese company . with two weeks to sew up the contract dan gets a surprise ; a woman he married on a drunken impulse nearly nine years before (annulled the next day ) shows up to tell him he 's the father of her twins now seven and she 'll be in jail for days for a political protest . dan volunteers to keep the tykes although he 's uptight and clueless . with charlie 's help is there any way they can be dad and uncle meet the kids ' expectations and still land the account ?
lem is just an average teenager working on getting the girl and furthering his career at the local planetarium - except that he 's an alien . at least to u .s. astronaut captain charles t . baker who lands on lem 's planet hoping for a quick flag plant and a hasty return to earth and his millions of screaming fans . but on this alien planet the media has tagged spacemen as brain -eating zombie -creating monsters causing baker to run for his life and into lem 's house . now it 's up to the green native to get the clumsy astronaut back to his spaceship before military dictator general grawl and mad scientist professor kipple manage to exterminate the earthly visitor .
in gu jia gou village km from beijing men outnumber women . some buy wives from faraway sichuan province . other remain bachelors ; they gossip and complain together - yet find ways to have a sex life . lao yang is still in love with the girl he was forbidden to marry as a young man ; she is now the middle -aged wife of the village head but they sneak out for secret trysts . yet lao yang wants more ...
centers on a young girl who has been murdered and watches over her family - and her killer - from purgatory . she must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal .
the film tells the inspiring true story of how nelson mandela joined forces with the captain of south africa 's rugby team to help unite their country . newly elected president mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid . believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport mandela rallies south africa 's rugby team as they make their historic run to the rugby world cup championship match .
a modern day retelling of the classic story the frog prince . the princess and the frog finds the lives of arrogant carefree prince naveen and hardworking waitress tiana crossing paths . prince naveen is transformed into a frog by a conniving voodoo magician and tiana following suit upon kissing the amphibian royalty . with the help of a trumpet -playing alligator a cajun firefly and an old blind lady who lives in a boat in a tree naveen and tiana must race to break the spell and fulfill their dreams .
a widower who realized his only connection to his family was through his wife sets off on an impromptu road trip to reunite with each of his grown children .
the war veteran ty hackett is hired to work as security guard by the eagle shield security where his old friend mike cochroone works . ty is having financial difficulties after the death of his father and is raising his brother jimmy alone . he teams up with mike 's brother -in-law baines and their coworkers quinn palmer and dobbs . one night mike invites ty to join in the robbery of two armored trucks transporting forty -two million dollars . the reluctant ty accepts after mike promises that nobody would be hurt in the heist .
a danish -korean theater group simon jul jrgensen and jacob nossell travel to north korea with their manager mads brgger presenting absurd sketch comedy . a rare glimpse into a closed world .
with full disturbing and weirdo graphic plus sexual scenes flaming creatures is one of most daring and controversial film of all time according to jack smith 's flaming creatures is a comedy in a haunted music studio .
in new york city an estranged couple who witness a murder are relocated to small -town wyoming as part of a witness -protection program .
olaf "gunn" gunnunderson an out -and-proud gay college student crawls back into the closet to survive the holidays with his family . he keeps his cool as his quirky midwestern -hearted parents try to set him up with his high school sweetheart abby . but when his boyfriend nathan shows up at their doorstep unannounced gunn must put on a charade to keep the relationship a secret . with pressure mounting from all sides will gunn come out before the truth does ?
when his brother is killed in a robbery paraplegic marine jake sully decides to take his place in a mission on the distant world of pandora . there he learns of greedy corporate figurehead parker selfridge 's intentions of driving off the native humanoid "na'vi" in order to mine for the precious material scattered throughout their rich woodland . in exchange for the spinal surgery that will fix his legs jake gathers intel for the cooperating military unit spearheaded by gung -ho colonel quaritch while simultaneously attempting to infiltrate the na 'vi people with the use of an "avatar" identity . while jake begins to bond with the native tribe and quickly falls in love with the beautiful alien neytiri the restless colonel moves forward with his ruthless extermination tactics forcing the soldier to take a stand - and fight back in an epic battle for the fate of pandora .
