when brought together at a family event two exes find themselves oddly attracted to each other after ten years of divorce . although the couple think that this affair will stay in a different state it brings itself back to their own city and disrupts their personal lives . while the couple still maintain other romances they cannot help but to continue with their affair .
after finally catching serial killer and occult "sorcerer" lord blackwood legendary sleuth sherlock holmes and his assistant dr . watson can close yet another successful case . but when blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree holmes must take up the hunt once again . contending with his partner 's new fiance and the dimwitted head of scotland yard the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder deceit and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress irene adler .
a faded country music musician is forced to reassess his dysfunctional life during a doomed romance that also inspires him .
in a tree farm three musically inclined chipmunks alvin simon and theodore find their tree cut down and sent to los angeles . once there they meet the frustrated songwriter david seville and despite a poor house wrecking first impression they impress him with their singing talent . seeing the opportunity for success both human and chipmunks make a pact for them to sing his songs . while that ambition proves a frustrating struggle with the difficult trio the dream does come true after all . however that success presents its own trials as their unscrupulous record executive ian hawke plans to break up this family to exploit the boys . can dave and the chipmunks discover what they really value amid the superficial glamor around them ?
eric bishop a middle -aged postman working for the manchester sorting office is going through a dreadful crisis . for starters his second life companion has not resurfaced although she was released from prison a few months ago . he is left alone with two stepsons to look after which is no bed of roses since the two teens disrespect him and keep disobeying him . to make matters worse ryan the older boy fascinated by zac a dangerous gangster has accepted to hide his gun in eric 's house . on the other hand he is asked by sam his student daughter who has a newborn baby to get back in touch with lily his separated wife . now eric left her not long after she gave back to their daughter . as a result eric panics ... having lost all his bearings eric bishop soliloquizes face to the poster of his idol another eric french footballer eric cantona when the latter appears just like the genie out of aladdin 's lamp . through a series of aphorisms peculiar to him the footballer -philosopher will help remorse -ridden desperate eric bishop to get by .
ten years after the first american pie movie three new hapless virgins discover the bible hidden in the school library at east great falls high . unfortunately for them the book is ruined ...
in a world devastated by an outbreak brian his girlfriend bobby his brother danny and their friend kate are heading to a beach where the brothers spent their childhood vacations expecting it to be a sanctuary . when their car breaks down on the road in the desert they negotiate with a man called frank who is also stranded but without gas . he is trying to get his daughter jodie to the hospital (she is infected with a disease of some kind ) they all decide to travel together . during the journey massive moral dilemmas arise as events head into a downward spiral .
a psychological thriller in which a deadly virus infects a small ontario town .
while his trailer trash parents teeter on the edge of divorce nick twisp sets his sights on dream girl sheeni saunders hoping that she 'll be the one to take away his virginity .
in a world years into the future vampires make up the vast majority of the population with only % of the human race remaining . this presents particular challenges as the vampires ' food supply - human blood - is dwindling and rationing is now the norm . there is growing evidence that vampires deprived of an adequate blood supply are themselves evolving into wild vile creatures that attack anyone and anything in order to survive . dr . edward dalton a vampire and hematologist who works for a pharmaceutical firm has been working on finding an artificial blood supply that will meet the vampire society 's needs . he is sympathetic to humans and sees his work as a way of alleviating their suffering but his views on finding a solution change considerably when he meets someone who found a way to transform himself from being a vampire to again take human form .
a future archivist looks at old footage from the year to understand why humankind failed to address climate change .
the true story about hachiko japan 's most famous dog .
anna brady plans to travel to dublin ireland to propose marriage to her boyfriend jeremy on leap day because according to irish tradition a man who receives a marriage proposal on a leap day must accept it .
in a violent post -apocalyptic society a drifter eli has been wandering westward across north america for the last thirty years . he finds solace in a unique book which he carries on his person and guards closely whilst surviving by hunting small animals and seeking goods in destroyed houses and vehicles to trade in villages for water and supplies . when he reaches a village ruled by the powerful mobster carnegie the man views eli 's impressive fighting skills and offers eli a place within his gang . carnegie presses his blind lover claudia to send her daughter solara to at least convince eli to spend the night by sleeping with him . however eli proves to be the better man when he gently declines her advances . the girl sees eli 's book and when carnegie finds out he beats her mother until she reveals what she saw . carnegie sends his gang into the wasteland to take the book from eli but the man proves to be a formidable foe as he makes it more than clear that if they want the book they must first take his life .
lisbeth is recovering in a hospital and awaiting trial for three murders when she is released . mikael must prove her innocence but lisbeth must be willing to share the details of her sordid experiences with the court .
a cia operative is tasked with finding and apprehending five members of a terrorist organisation but they keep getting killed before he can bring them in .
a documentary on michael ruppert a police officer turned independent reporter who predicted the current financial crisis in his self -published newsletter from the wilderness .
the documentary consists of tape of don 's show (never been filmed before ) interviews with don 's contemporaries (steve lawrence bob newhart debbie reynolds etc .) established comedians ...
a story following archer a man tortured by his roots . with a strong survival instinct he has made himself a key player in the business of conflict diamonds . political unrest is rampant in sierra leone as people fight tooth for tooth . upon meeting solomon and the beautiful maddy archer 's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with the war around him .
the artist 's personal commentary on the decline of his country in a language closer to poetry than prose . a dark meditation on london under thatcher .
tragedy strikes a young boy and his over -protective mother .
in hamburg zinos has a restaurant serving poor -man's fare ; he gets by but his girlfriend has taken a job in shanghai he 's hurt his back and can 't cook his feckless brother can be on daily parole from jail only if zinos employs him (though his brother doesn 't want to work ) a school acquaintance wants to buy the restaurant property and the tax authority and health inspector are on his case . zinos hires a temperamental chef and loses all his customers signs a power of attorney giving his brother full authority at the restaurant and buys a ticket to shanghai . is this a recipe for disaster ?
a fantastic tale telling the adventures of two dragon hunters !
casey a westerner studies ninjitsu in japan . and in their master 's possession is an ninja armor with some legendary weapons which goes to a deserving person . masazuka another student thinks he is that person but the master has an affinity for casey . one day masazuka attacks casey and casey defends himself scarring masazuka . masazuka would be banished . he would then become an assassin who works for a group criminals called the ring . masazuka would return demanding the armor but the master still refuses . the master tells casey and his daughter namiko to take the armor to america were it can be kept from masazuka . after killing the master masazuka follows them to anmerica and tries to get it . casey is erroneously arrested for crimes committed by masazuka . he eventually abducts namiko and demands turn the armor to him . casey tells him if he wants he 'll have to fight him for it .
alienated from his conservative jewish family and community a gay schoolteacher seeks solace in new york 's barebacking scene .
sam the snowman tells us the story of a young red -nosed reindeer who after being ousted from the reindeer games because of his beaming honker teams up with hermey an elf who wants to be a dentist and yukon cornelius the prospector . they run into the abominable snowman and find a whole island of misfit toys . rudoph vows to see if he can get santa to help the toys and he goes back to the north pole on christmas eve . but santa 's sleigh is fogged in . but when santa looks over rudolph he gets a very bright idea ...
a chronicle of john lennon 's first years focused mainly in his adolescence and his relationship with his stern aunt mimi who raised him and his absentee mother julia who re -entered his life at a crucial moment in his young life .
farhan qureshi and raju rastogi want to re -unite with their fellow collegian rancho after faking a stroke aboard an air india plane and excusing himself from his wife - trouser less - respectively . enroute they encounter another student chatur ramalingam now a successful businessman who reminds them of a bet they had undertaken years ago . the trio while recollecting hilarious antics including their run -ins with the dean of delhi 's imperial college of engineering viru sahastrabudhe race to locate rancho at his last known address - little knowing the secret that was kept from them all this time .
an out -of-the-way diner becomes the unlikely battleground for the survival of the human race . when god loses faith in humankind he sends his legion of angels to bring on the apocalypse . humanity 's only hope lies in a group of strangers trapped in a desert diner with the archangel michael (bettany).
an adaptation of j . m . barrie 's story about a boy who never grew up . the three children of the darling family receive a visit from peter pan who takes them to never land where an ongoing war between peter 's gang of rag -tag runaways and the evil pirate captain hook is taking place .
zach galifinakas comically interviews various celebrites between two ferns .
beth is a young ambitious new yorker who is completely unlucky in love . however on a whirlwind trip to rome she impulsively steals some coins from a reputed fountain of love and is then aggressively pursued by a band of suitors .
thomas craven is a detective who has spent years working the streets of boston . when his own daughter is killed outside his own home craven soon realizes that her death is only one piece of an intriguing puzzle filled with corruption and conspiracy and it falls to him to discover who is behind the crime .
the story revolves around the passengers of a yachting trip in the atlantic ocean who when struck by mysterious weather conditions jump to another ship only to experience greater havoc on the open seas .
steven russell is happily married to debbie and a member of the local police force when a car accident provokes a dramatic reassessment of his life . steven becomes open about his homosexuality and decides to live life to the fullest - even if it means breaking the law . steven 's new extravagant lifestyle involves cons and fraud and eventually a stay in the state penitentiary where he meets sensitive soft -spoken phillip morris . his devotion to freeing phillip from jail and building the perfect life together prompts steven to attempt and often succeed at one impossible con after another .
at the turn of the century on prince edward island matthew cuthbert and his sister marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm . but they get an unexpected jolt when they 're mistakenly sent a girl instead : anne shirley . anne 's a dreamer with an unusual point of view far removed from marilla 's pragmatic ways and it 's only on trial that marilla agrees to keep anne ...if anne can keep out of trouble only anne has a positive genius for it . as anne falls into a series of scrapes (and off a roof ) makes a bosom friend searches (and finds ) several kindred spirits matthew and marilla discover that their lives have become a great deal richer now that anne is at green gables .
a biopic of temple grandin an autistic woman who has become one of the top scientists in the humane livestock handling industry .
five key days in a family 's life .
during a night of with full lunar eclipse samantha hughes takes a babysitting job surrounded by mysterious circumstances before she finds out her client 's terrifying secret .
mia an aggressive fifteen -year-old girl lives on an essex estate with her tarty mother joanne and precocious little sister tyler . she has been thrown out of school and is awaiting admission to a referrals unit and spends her days aimlessly . she begins an uneasy friendship with joanne 's slick boyfriend connor who encourages her one interest dancing .
intertwining couples and singles in los angeles break -up and make -up based on the pressures and expectations of valentine 's day .
after the death of his father colin glasgow (earl owensby ) finds out that his father and grandfather were cursed and that they were werewolves . and now colin discovers that he also has the curse and he is a werewolf too and he must stop a satanic reverend who put the curse on him and his family .
it 's and up -and-coming u .s. marshal teddy daniels is assigned to investigate the disappearance of a patient from boston 's shutter island ashecliffe hospital . he 's been pushing for an assignment on the island for personal reasons but before long he wonders whether he hasn 't been brought there as part of a twisted plot by hospital doctors whose radical treatments range from unethical to illegal to downright sinister . teddy 's shrewd investigating skills soon provide a promising lead but the hospital refuses him access to records he suspects would break the case wide open . as a hurricane cuts off communication with the mainland more dangerous criminals "escape" in the confusion and the puzzling improbable clues multiply teddy begins to doubt everything - his memory his partner even his own sanity .
a stop -motion animated story about people living in a sydney apartment complex looking for meaning in their lives .
royal navy captain wentworth was haughtily turned down eight years ago as suitor of pompous baronet sir walter elliot 's daughter anne despite true love . now he visits their former seaside country estate rented by his brother -in-law admiral croft so the financially stressed baronet can afford a fashionable cheaper residence in trendy bath . first the former lovers meet again on the estate where they feel vibes again but neither dares admit them until it seems too late . yet the truth becomes clear both have moved but meet again in bath .
mikael blomkvist publisher of millennium magazine has made his living exposing the crooked and corrupt practices of establishment swedish figures . so when a young journalist approaches him with a meticulously researched thesis about sex trafficking in sweden and those in high office who abuse underage girls blomkvist immediately throws himself into the investigation .
when his lightning bolt is stolen zeus accuses poseidon 's son percy jackson and gives poseidon 's son fourteen days to return it otherwise he will initiate a war amongst the gods . meanwhile the teenager percy who is dyslexic and has adhd is visiting the museum of metropolitan of art and is attacked by a fury disguised in his teacher . his physically handicapped best friend grover reveals that percy is a demigod and that he is his protector and his teacher mr brunner gives him a pen telling him that it is a powerful weapon . they go to percy 's house and together with his mother sally they drive to the camp half -blood. however sally is attacked by a minotaur and vanishes before percy can help her . in the camp percy befriends the gorgeous annabeth ; when they are attacked by hades who wants the lighting bolt for himself percy discovers that his mother is in the underworld with hades . percy decides to travel on a dangerous quest to retrieve the lightning bolt and save his mother . grover and annabeth join him and luke gives a powerful shield of his own to protect percy . will they be able to succeed ?
after a clumsy operation trying to capture a drug dealer the n .y.p.d detectives jimmy monroe and paul hodges are suspended for one month by their captain romans . jimmy decides to sell his rare baseball card to pay for his daughter 's expensive wedding while his jealous partner believes that his wife is cheating on him with their next -door neighbor . when jimmy sells his card to a memorabilia store the place is burgled by two small -time thieves and the detective loses his card . they track down the thieves .
a writer moves into a malibu beach house and comes up against the ghost of an actress who supposedly had committed suicide there years previously but had been murdered by her boyfriend . the ghost asks the writer 's help in proving her boyfriend the killer .
od a professional burglar from thachalom is married to waew . the couple 's life is fraught because of od 'slow sex drive leaving waew frequently ill -tempered. when a criminal dies in prison leaving a puzzle the number inscribed on the cell floor inspector sansern instructs two sergeants to find an insider spy to investigate the mystery and od is nominated . od accepts the job for fear of being arrested if he refuses despite his wife 's concerns about its potential bad effect on her career . when inspector sansern meets od the thief recognizes the cop as a cross -dresser he saw through a window setting od up for a bizarre time as the unwilling spy .
alexandria ad : hypatia teaches astronomy mathematics and philosophy . her student orestes is in love with her as is davus her personal slave . as the city 's christians led by ammonius and cyril gain political power the institutions of learning may crumble along with the governance of slavery . jump ahead years : orestes the city 's prefect has an uneasy peace with christians led by cyril . a group from the newly empowered christians has now taken to enforce their cultural hegemony zealously ; first they see the jews as their obstacle then nonbelievers . hypatia has no interest in faith ; she 's concerned about the movement of celestial bodies and "the brotherhood of all ". although her former slave doesn 't see it that way .
the forest queen grants the wish of jonathan the woodcutter and his wife anna .
ray 's half pakistani and half white . when his parents ' marriage dissolves ray 's perspective of ms . right falls deeply into question .
officers of the philadelphia 's precinct keep the peace and investigate crimes between paranormal beings and humans in a large neighborhood known as district .
troublemaking duo andy bichlbaum and mike bonanno posing as their industrious alter -egos expose the people profiting from hurricane katrina the faces behind the environmental disaster in bhopal and other shocking events .
crazies is a sci -fi horror that is a whole minute fight scene about possessed people that stop at nothing to kill . two rookie cops make contact with one and have a violent brawl with one ...
south carolina us army special operations soldier john is on summer leave from his german base visiting his widowed father . being gallant on the pier he befriends college student savannah a college student and her buddies a terminal father and his angelic son . john falls in love with savannah who diagnoses his beloved gentle but weird father as mildly autistic . he plans not to sign up again but changes that and she won 't wait idly while their friends desperately need help .
derek thompson is 'the tooth fairy ' a hard -charging minor league hockey player whose nickname comes from his habit of separating opposing players from their bicuspids . when derek discourages a youngster 's hopes he 's sentenced to one week 's hard labor as a real tooth fairy complete with the requisite tutu wings and magic wand . at first derek "can't handle the tooth " - bumbling and stumbling as he tries to furtively wing his way through strangers ' homes ...doing what tooth fairies do . but as derek slowly adapts to his new position he begins to rediscover his own forgotten dreams
a kindergarten director troshkin is a dead ringer for a criminal nicknamed "docent" who stole the priceless headpiece of alexander the great during an archaeological expedition . but after militia "inputs" troshkin into the criminal environment he has nothing left to do but to carefully play out the part of his "evil twin ".
four mathematicians who do not know each other are invited by a mysterious host on the pretext of resolving a great enigma . the room in which they find themselves turns out to be a shrinking room that will crush them if they do not discover in time what connects them all and why someone might wish to murder them .
room tells the extraordinary story of jack a spirited -year-old who is looked after by his loving and devoted mother . like any good mother ma dedicates herself to keeping jack happy and safe nurturing him with warmth and love and doing typical things like playing games and telling stories . their life however is anything but typical --they are trapped --confined to a space that ma has euphemistically named room . ma has created a whole universe for jack within room and she will stop at nothing to ensure that even in this treacherous environment jack is able to live a complete and fulfilling life . but as jack 's curiosity about their situation grows and ma 's resilience reaches its breaking point they enact a risky plan to escape ultimately bringing them face -to-face with what may turn out to be the scariest thing yet : the real world .
rizwan khan a muslim from the borivali section of mumbai suffers from asperger 's syndrome a form of high -functioning autism that complicates socialization . the adult rizwan marries a hindu single mother mandira in san francisco . after rizwan is detained by authorities at lax who mistake his disability for suspicious behavior . following his arrest he meets radha a therapist who helps him deal with his situation and his affliction . rizwan then begins a journey to meet us president bush to clear his name .
alice an unpretentious and individual -year-old is betrothed to a dunce of an english nobleman . at her engagement party she escapes the crowd to consider whether to go through with the marriage and falls down a hole in the garden after spotting an unusual rabbit . arriving in a strange and surreal place called "underland" she finds herself in a world that resembles the nightmares she had as a child filled with talking animals villainous queens and knights and frumious bandersnatches . alice realizes that she is there for a reason --to conquer the horrific jabberwocky and restore the rightful queen to her throne .
discovering covert and faulty intelligence causes a u .s. army officer to go rogue as he hunts for weapons of mass destruction in an unstable region .
james reece is an ambitious aide to the u .s. ambassador in paris doing little jobs for the cia and hoping to get into black ops . on the night he and his girlfriend caroline become engaged he 's told to pick up charlie wax at orly . charlie is an unorthodox government employee - large bald and bearded foul -mouthed and eccentric . charlie immediately takes james on a wild ride of murder and mayhem through ethnic enclaves . as bodies pile up the purpose remains opaque to james . caroline unhappy that james has been out of touch for a day tells him to bring charlie for dinner . charlie can be charming - where will it lead ? does the chess -playing james have what it takes ?
a corrupt young man somehow keeps his youthful beauty eternally but a special painting gradually reveals his inner ugliness to all .
a man from los angeles who moved to new york years ago returns to l .a. to figure out his life while he house -sits for his brother . he soon sparks with his brother 's assistant .
three unconnected brooklyn cops wind up at the same deadly location after enduring vastly different career paths .
an average joe meets the perfect woman but his lack of confidence and the influence of his friends and family begin to pick away at the relationship .
in england retired royal marine harry brown spends his lonely life between the hospital where his beloved wife kath is terminally ill and playing chess with his only friend leonard attwell in the barge pub owned by sid rourke . after the death of kath len tells his grieving friend that the local gang is harassing him and he is carrying an old bayonet for self -defense; the widower suggests him to go to the police . when len is beaten then stabbed to death in an underground passage inspector alice frampton and her partner sergeant terry hicock are sent to investigate . they pay harry a visit but don 't have good news ; the police have not found any other evidence other than the bayonet in order to arrest the hoodlums . this mean that should the case go to trial the gang would claim self -defense. harry brown sees that justice will not be granted and decides to take matters into his own hands .
a romantic drama centered on two new lovers : tyler whose parents have split in the wake of his brother 's suicide and ally who lives each day to the fullest since witnessing her mother 's murder .
in a post -apocalyptic future mankind is lives in a prehistoric manner . after killing his father for sexually assaulting his girlfriend the son of a tribal leader runs away with a group of his teenage friends . they are taken in by neil and judith who introduce them to the vices outlawed by their tribes namely sex and drugs .neil and judith however are genetically altered indestructible mutants who have their own plans for the future of the human race .
it 's time for change in america --but not without a few parting words from former president george w bush . here 's your chance to discover the man behind the myth as hbo presents will ferrell in a performance of his heralded one -man broadway show .
our marriage their wedding . it 's lesson number one for any newly engaged couple and lucia and marcus are no exception . in our family wedding they learn the hard way that the path to saying "i do " can be rife with familial strife . when they return from college and too suddenly announce their marriage plans they soon discover that their fathers - two highly competitive over -the-top egos - can wreak a major amount of havoc on their special day . with insults flying and tempers running high it 's anyone 's guess if the alpha dads will survive to make it down the aisle in one piece . lucia 's mother is busy planning the wedding of "her" dreams and the only levelheaded one in the bunch is angela the groom 's father 's best friend and lawyer who manages to keep her cool when the madness reaches a crescendo . with only weeks to plan their wedding lucia and marcus soon discover the true meaning of love and find there is truth to the saying - that when you marry someone you marry their entire family .
a former agent alex is a professional bounty hunter . fathers who refuse to pay their child support and unfaithful wives are out of his area of interest . he hunts vicious and ruthless criminals . those who crossed the line . his task is to find a criminal and exchange him for a modest fee . sometimes he gets paid by the state sometimes - by private individuals . his former colleagues wish he worked with them because he is the best in the business . but for alex freedom is above all . saint -petersburg its streets roofs and courtyards - here alex is in his own element . criminals have no place to hide here - everyone and everything revolves around alex . when the police hits a wall they call alex . when his ex -wife marina gets into trouble - she calls alex . and he gets help only from a daredevil tasya . but this adventurous girl often needs help herself . tasya is crazy about alex and alex is crazy about marina . and kate wants alex to become a wealthy businessman . but hunting criminals is what he does best .
the lives of a set of identical twins one an ivy league philosophy professor the other a small -time and brilliant marijuana grower intertwine when the professor is lured back to his oklahoma hometown for a doomed scheme against a local drug lord .
several women (and one girl ) in l .a. are hiding something from someone else or discovering something hidden from them . maxine a therapist discovers her husband cheating on her with the mother of charlotte a -year old patient . addy (the other woman ) and her sister doris have withheld from the girl the truth of her parentage . holly an adult film actor isn 't telling her friend bambi how she feels about her and another actor elektra who discovers she 's pregnant hasn 't told the baby 's father that she loves him . a stuck elevator a car crash mid -air turbulence a flight attendant a shotgun -wielding bartender and her roommate who 's a masseuse help these women communicate .
a dangerously disturbed vietnam veteran struggles with life years after his return home and slowly falls into insanity from his gritty urban lifestyle .
based on a true story north face is a suspenseful adventure film about a competition to climb the most dangerous rock face in the alps . set in as nazi propaganda urges the nation 's alpinists to conquer the unclimbed north face of the swiss massif - the eiger - two reluctant german climbers begin their daring ascent .
in the future humans have extended and improved our lives through highly sophisticated and expensive mechanical organs created by a company called "the union ". the dark side of these medical breakthroughs is that if you don 't pay your bill "the union " sends its highly skilled repo men to take back its property ... with no concern for your comfort or survival . former soldier remy is one of the best organ repo men in the business . but when he suffers a cardiac failure on the job he awakens to find himself fitted with the company 's top -of-the-line heart -replacement... as well as a hefty debt . but a side effect of the procedure is that his heart 's no longer in the job . when he can 't make the payments the union sends its toughest enforcer remy 's former partner jake to track him down .
the younger son of a working -class jewish family in montreal duddy kravitz yearns to make a name for himself in society . this film chronicles his short and dubious rise to power as well ...
a social worker fights to save a girl from her abusive parents only to discover that the situation is more dangerous than she ever expected .
an ecological drama /documentary filmed throughout the globe . part thriller part meditation on the vanishing wonders of the sub -aquatic world .
the owner of a miami restaurant indebted to the mob institutes a contest to see what waiter can earn the most money in one night .
a malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort takes a man back to with his two friends and nephew where they must relive a fateful night and not change anything to make sure the nephew is born .
a mother desperately searches for the killer who framed her son for a girl 's horrific murder .
long ago up north on the island of berk the young viking hiccup wants to join his town 's fight against the dragons that continually raid their town . however his macho father and village leader stoik the vast will not allow his small clumsy but inventive son to do so . regardless hiccup ventures out into battle and downs a mysterious night fury dragon with his invention but can 't bring himself to kill it . instead hiccup and the dragon whom he dubs toothless begin a friendship that would open up both their worlds as the observant boy learns that his people have misjudged the species . but even as the two each take flight in their own way they find that they must fight the destructive ignorance plaguing their world .
the mysterious disappearance of a kindergarten teacher during a picnic in the north of iran is followed by a series of misadventures for her fellow travelers .
avid movie -watcher and video store clerk bazil has had his life all but ruined by weapons of war . his father was killed by a landmine in morocco and one fateful night a stray bullet from a nearby shootout embeds itself in his skull leaving him on the verge of instantaneous death . losing his job and his home bazil wanders the streets until he meets slammer a pardoned convict who introduces him to a band of eccentric junkyard dealers including calculator a math expert and statistician buster a record -holder in human cannonball feats tiny pete an artistic craftsman of automatons and elastic girl a sassy contortionist . when chance reveals to bazil the two weapons manufacturers responsible for building the instruments of his destruction he constructs a complex scheme for revenge that his newfound family is all too happy to help set in motion .
princess andromeda is the daughter of king cepheus who has gained a victory against the gods . the vengeful god of the underworld hades demands that andromeda is offered as a sacrifice or he will unleash the kraken against argos . a desperate king cepheus asks demi -god perseus to find a way to defeat the kraken . perseus accepts the challenge because hades was responsible for his family 's death . he discovers that the way to kill the kraken lies with getting the head of the gorgon medusa .
a crooked cop a mob boss and the young girl they abuse are the denizens of a city 's criminal underworld . it 's a world that ordinary arthur poppington doesn 't understand and doesn 't belong in but is committed to fighting when he changes into a vigilante super -hero of his own making defendor . with no power other than courage defendor takes to the streets to protect the city 's innocents .
dave lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a superhero even though he has no powers training or meaningful reason to do so .
in february in northern ireland seventeen year -old uvf member alistair little kills the catholic jimmy griffin in his house in lurgan in front of his younger brother joe griffin . alistair is arrested and imprisoned for twelve years while joe is blamed by his mother for not saving his brother . thirty -three years later a tv promotes the meeting of alistair and joe in a house in river finn expecting the truth and the reconciliation of the murderer and the victim who actually seeks five minutes of heaven .
in new york city a case of mistaken identity turns a bored married couple 's attempt at a glamorous and romantic evening into something more thrilling and dangerous .
udo kier is a witch hunter apprentice to herbert lom . he believes strongly in his mentor and the ways of the church but loses faith when he catches lom strangling reggie nalder to death for calling him impotent . kier begins to see for himself that the witch trials are nothing but a scam of the church to rob people of their land money and other personal belongings of value and seduce beautiful big breasted women . eventually the townspeople revolt herbert lom escapes but poor udo is captured by the towns people . this film contains very strong graphic torture including a women 's tongue being ripped out of her headnuns being raped (in the opening credits ) and lots of beatings .
finnish men in sauna speaking straight from the heart .
runaways is steve moore 's story . he 's sixteen and lives with his younger sister mother cheryl and her boyfriend john in a modest house in bakersfield california . an abusive and often intoxicated man john rules the household and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits cheryl 's loyalty is to her boyfriend . to protect her relationship with john she "ditches" her son having him arrested and locked in a correctional "mental" facility before coercing her older brother burt who lives in hollywood to take him . steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets counselor tony perez tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike and andy . while encouraging them to try to reconcile with their parents he insists that they take charge of their own lives and believe that a better life is possible . angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team steve finds an after -school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally . andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . mike 's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track .
daniel is a decent young man married to jane still living at his father 's home . when his father dies it is up to him to organize his funeral . on this painful morning the suitable grave expression on his face daniel is ready to welcome his father 's friends and relatives . but preserving the dignity inherent in such circumstances will be a hard task . particularly with an undertaker who botches his work the return from the usa of his famous but selfish brother his cousin 's fianc who has accidentally ingested drugs the presence a moron who takes advantage of the sad event to win back the heart (or rather the body ) of a woman who is about to marry another of a handicapped old uncle who is also the most unbearable pain in the neck . to cap it all daniel notices the presence among the mourners of a mysterious dwarf nobody else seems to know ...
ad for years one eye a mute warrior of supernatural strength has been held prisoner by the norse chieftain barde . aided by are a boy slave one eye slays his captor and together he and are escape beginning a journey into the heart of darkness . on their flight one eye and are board a viking vessel but the ship is soon engulfed by an endless fog that clears only as the crew sights an unknown land . as the new world reveals its secrets and the vikings confront their terrible and bloody fate one eye discovers his true self .
the adventures of a teenager who is fresh out and in elementary where he has to learn the consequences and responsibility to survive the year .
ten short pieces directed by ten different directors including ken russell jean -luc godard robert altman bruce beresford and nicolas roeg . each short uses an aria as soundtrack /sound (vivaldi bach wagner ) and is an interpretation of the particular aria .
three teenagers live isolated without leaving their house because their over -protective parents say they can only leave when their dogtooth falls out .
valerie (seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men . she is in love with a brooding outsider peter (fernandez) but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy henry (irons). unwilling to lose each other valerie and peter are planning to run away together when they learn that valerie 's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village . for years the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast offering the creature a monthly animal sacrifice . but under a blood red moon the wolf has upped the stakes by taking a human life . hungry for revenge the people call on famed werewolf hunter father solomon (oldman) to help them kill the wolf . but solomon 's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf who takes human form by day could be any one of them . as the death toll rises with each moon valerie begins to suspect that the werewolf could be someone she loves . as panic grips the town valerie discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast --one that inexorably draws them together making her both suspect ...and bait .
elena koko patso and gosho are high school students in a small provincial town . they are inseparable friends that share the belief that they are losers . koko is in love with elena . the girl wants to be a singer . she is really excited about the visiting concert of a famous rock band . the event shakes up the whole town giving birth to new love affairs disappointments and complicated relationships .
short film . soo -yun a year old korean girl works at a u .s. karaoke bar . a customer refuses to leave . a night without closure .
with john 's social life at a standstill and his ex -wife about to get remarried a down on his luck divorc finally meets the woman of his dreams only to discover she has another man in her life - her son . still single seven years after the breakup of his marriage john has all but given up on romance . but at the urging of his ex -wife and best friend jamie john grudgingly agrees to join her and her fianc tim at a party . to his and everyone else 's surprise he actually manages to meet someone : the gorgeous and spirited molly . their chemistry is immediate . the relationship takes off quickly but molly is oddly reluctant to take the relationship beyond john 's house . perplexed he follows her home and discovers the other man in molly 's life : her son cyrus . a -year-old new age musician cyrus is his mom 's best friend and shares an unconventional relationship with her . cyrus will go to any lengths to protect molly and is definitely not ready to share her with anyone especially john . before long the two are locked in a battle of wits for the woman they both love -and it appears only one man can be left standing when it 's over .
a mad scientist kidnaps and mutilates a trio of tourists in order to reassemble them into a human centipede created by stitching their mouths to each others ' rectums .
in wwi dancer jerry jones stages an all -soldier show on broadway called yip yip yaphank . wounded in the war he becomes a producer . in wwii his son johnny jones who was before his ...
the story of how an eccentric french shop -keeper and amateur film -maker attempted to locate and befriend banksy only to have the artist turn the camera back on its owner . the film contains footage of banksy shephard fairey invader and many of the world 's most infamous graffiti artists at work .
with the world now aware of his identity as iron man tony stark must contend with both his declining health and a vengeful mad man with ties to his father 's legacy .
astronomer dr . carl sagan is host and narrator of this -hour series that originally aired on public broadcasting stations in the united states . dr . sagan describes the universe in a way that appeals to a mass audience by using earth as a reference point by speaking in terms intelligible to non -scientific people by relating the exploration of space to that of the earth by pioneers of old and by citing such earth legends as the library of alexandria as metaphors for space -related future events . among dr . sagan 's favorite topics are the origins of life the search for life on mars the infernal composition of the atmosphere of venus and a warning about a similar effect taking place on earth due to global pollution and the "greenhouse effect " the lives of stars interstellar travel and the effects of attaining the speed of light the danger of mankind technologically self -destructing and the search using radio technology for intelligent life in deep space .
on elm street nancy thompson and a group of her friends including tina gray rod lane and glen lantz are being tormented by a clawed killer in their dreams named freddy krueger . nancy must think quickly as freddy tries to pick off his victims one by one . when he has you in your sleep who is there to save you ?
four lions tells the story of a group of british jihadists who push their abstract dreams of glory to the breaking point . as the wheels fly off and their competing ideologies clash what emerges is an emotionally engaging (and entirely plausible ) farce . in a storm of razor -sharp verbal jousting and large -scale set pieces four lions is a comic tour de force ; it shows that -while terrorism is about ideology -it can also be about idiots .
bobby deerfield a famous american race car driver on the european circuit falls in love with the enigmatic lillian morelli who is terminally ill .
in barcelona valre is very attached to her french grandmother marie tasso and likes to stay with her . while discussing sex with val marie advises her that it would be important to jot her life experience down and val decides to write a diary . val recalls her promiscuous love life and her lovers since her first sexual experience when she was -years-old. when val loses her job in a downsizing she is simultaneously informed that marie had a heart attack and she visits her granny one last time who dies . val looks for a job and when she is interviewed by an executive called jaime she falls in love for the first time . however jaime is not good in bed . they move in together to a magnificent apartment and val believes she has found the man of her life . val gets a job with a gay italian called harry at a fashion house but jaime becomes jealous and changes his behavior . val decides to leave jaime when she gets pregnant and he does not recognize the baby as his own .
dr . jack kevorkian - ) in the when he defies michigan law assisting the suicide of terminally -ill persons . support comes from his sister a lab tech the hemlock society president and a lawyer . the child of survivors of the armenian genocide interviews applicants : his sister video tapes them . he assembles a device allowing a person to initiate a three -chemical intravenous drip . the local d .a. the governor and the legislature respond . in court scenes kevorkian is sometimes antic . he 's single -minded about giving dying individuals the right to determine how their lives will end . he wants the supreme court to rule . he picks a fight he can 't win : is it hubris or heroism ?
the defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or innocent of murdering his father . what begins as an open -and-shut case of murder soon becomes a detective story that presents a succession of clues creating doubt and a mini -drama of each of the jurors ' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial the accused and each other . based on the play all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room .
birth of a legend . following king richard 's death in france archer robin longstride along with will scarlett alan -a-dale and little john returns to england . they encounter the dying robert of locksley whose party was ambushed by treacherous godfrey who hopes to facilitate a french invasion of england . robin promises the dying knight he will return his sword to his father walter in nottingham . here walter encourages him to impersonate the dead man to prevent his land being confiscated by the crown and he finds himself with marian a ready -made wife . hoping to stir baronial opposition to weak king john and allow an easy french take -over godfrey worms his way into the king 's service as earl marshal of england and brutally invades towns under the pretext of collecting royal taxes . can robin navigate the politics of barons royals traitors and the french ?
a danish -korean theater group simon jul jrgensen and jacob nossell travel to north korea with their manager mads brgger presenting absurd sketch comedy . a rare glimpse into a closed world .
it 's in cemetery junction a reading suburb . three working class lads best friends are coming of age . freddie wants to rise above his station taking a job selling life insurance wearing a suit and tie . snork works at the railway station and wants a girlfriend some day . bruce talks of leaving but seems on track to work at a factory drink and fight and become like his dad in front of the telly with beer on hand ; and he 's trying the patience of the police officer who gets him out of jams . freddie 's job leads the lads toward a few small changes . he runs across a childhood friend julie his boss 's daughter who 's engaged to the firm 's top seller . can the lads break out ?
dean pereira and cindy heller pereira are a young working class married couple - dean currently working as a painter and cindy working as a nurse in a medical clinic - with a young daughter named frankie . despite their relatively tender ages they are both ravaged by the life they 've eked out together and by the experiences they 've had leading into their marriage . dean a high school drop out comes from a broken home where he never really had a mother figure . he never saw himself getting married or having a family despite falling in love at first sight with cindy . he doesn 't have any professional ambition beyond his current work - which he enjoys since he feels he can knock off a beer at o 'clock in the morning without it affecting his work - although cindy believes he has so much more potential in life . cindy also comes from a dysfunctional family with her own mother and father not setting an example of a harmonious married or family life . one of her previous serious relationships was with bobby ontario that relationship which has a profound affect on many aspects of her marriage to dean . dean and cindy head off on an overnight getaway together without frankie the getaway which may provide a clearer picture if their marriage can survive its many issues .
a vacationing woman meets her ideal man leading to a swift marriage . back at home however their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple .
paul is a u .s. truck driver working in iraq . after an attack by a group of iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin . with only a lighter and a cell phone it 's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap .
what ever happened to the young women who played orphans in the hit broadway musical annie ? some went on to fame and fortune like sarah jessica parker while others struggled with their "life after tomorrow ." find out what happens when orphans grow up .
the prince is accompanied by a girl named elika whom he met after a large sandstorm diverted him from his course and he ended up in a mysterious land . players traverse many different environments using the prince 's acrobatic abilities to scale walls and even crawl on the ceilings . throughout the journey players combat various different enemies as they attempt to cleanse the land of corruption .
rick todd and eugene fullstack share an apartment and have dreams for the future . rick is an aspiring artist looking for a break . eugene loves comic books especially the bat lady series . he is so engrossed with her stories that he has nightmares and dreams of his own comic book characters . their luck begins to change when abby parker is fired as the artist for the bat lady . rick pitches his own comic book series and eugene gets to meet bessie sparrowbrush who unbeknown to him is the artist 's model the bat lady . rivalry and romance ensues for all four of them with several song and dance numbers along the way .
two families sort of neighbors in manhattan cross paths as they navigate marriage parenthood of a teen ennui a first date and end -of-life care . rebecca and mary are sisters ; their cranky -year-old grandmother 's neighbors kateand alex run an upscale retro -furniture business and will expand into her flat after she dies . rebecca is quiet without a boyfriend until a patient at the clinic where she works introduces her grandson . mary is acerbic stung by a recent breakup . kate looks for meaning in her life wondering if she should volunteer . alex too is at loose ends . their daughter abby has zits and teenage moods . what does it mean to be good ?
an animated retelling set to prokofiev 's suite . peter is a slight lad solitary locked out of the woods by his protective grandfather his only friend a duck . in town he 's bullied . when a ...
ricky gervais entertains a live audience in his first stand -up routine .
two years have passed since carrie bradshaw finally bagged john "mr. big " preston the man she was always meant to be with . just as her friend charlotte must deal with her young daughter 's "terrible two 's" carrie must deal with her relationship taking a turn for the worse - big likes to watch old black -and-white movies on tv and eat take -out food which prevents carrie from feeling like the free -wheeling party girl she used to be . meanwhile miranda copes with a new boss that can 't handle an intelligent powerful woman and samantha works a public relations angle that gets the fashionable foursome an all -expense-paid trip to abu dhabi .
a record company intern is hired to accompany out -of-control british rock star aldous snow to a concert at l .a.'s greek theater .
a convert to islam sends the u .s. government a tape showing him in three nondescript storage rooms each of which may contain a nuclear bomb set to detonate in less than a week . helen brody an fbi agent in l .a. is tasked with finding the bombs while a cia "consultant" known as h interrogates the suspect who has allowed himself to be caught . the suspect whose wife and children have left him and disappeared seems to know exactly what the interrogation will entail . even as h ratchets up the pressure using torture over brody 's objection the suspect doesn 't crack . should h do the unthinkable and will brody acquiesce ? is any constitutional principle worth possible loss of life ?
zoe is a woman who has a hard time letting anyone into her life . she has a habit of pushing people away whenever they get close . she wants to have a baby but because she has no man in her life she decides to be artificially inseminated . shortly after having the procedure she meets a guy named stan and she feels a spark . when she tells him about her pregnancy she thinks he 'll bail but he sticks with her .
genetic engineers clive nicoli and elsa kast hope to achieve fame by successfully splicing together the dna of different animals to create new hybrid animals for medical use .
sophie dreams of becoming a writer and travels to verona italy where she meets the "secretaries of juliet ".
follows andy who needs to hook up with a hottie pronto because he hasn 't had sex in ... well forever - and his luck isn 't the only thing that 's hard . his equally horny teenage roommates also need it superbad and with the help of their nerdy pal mcanalovin ' and his fake i .d. they may tap more than just a keg .
eight talented candidates have reached the final stage of selection to join the ranks of a mysterious and powerful corporation . entering a windowless room an invigilator gives them eighty minutes to answer one simple question . he outlines three rules they must obey or be disqualified : don 't talk to him or the armed guard by the door don 't spoil their papers and don 't leave the room . he starts the clock and leaves . the candidates turn over their question papers only to find they 're completely blank . after the initial confusion has subsided one frustrated candidate writes 'i believe i deserve ...' and is promptly ejected for spoiling . the remaining candidates soon figure out they 're permitted to talk to each other and they agree to cooperate in order to figure out the question : then they can compete to answer it . at first they suspect the question may be hidden in their papers like a security marker in a credit card and they figure out ways to change their environment to expose the hidden words . but light liquids and other plans all come to naught . soon enough the candidates begin to uncover each other 's background prejudices and hidden agendas . tensions rise as the clock steadily descends towards zero and each candidate must decide how far they are willing to go to secure the ultimate job . . .
the u .s. military makes a scarred bounty hunter with warrants on his own head an offer he cannot refuse : in exchange for his freedom he must stop a terrorist who is ready to unleash hell on earth .
four american soldiers who are in iraq are sent on a mission to recover plates for printing dollar bills that were used to print a billion dollars . after doing the job and returning to the base their commanding officer is killed in an explosion and the plates are stolen by another operative . they would be court martialed and sent to different prisons . months later the leader hannibal smith is visited by a cia spook who tells him he knows where the man who took the plates is and wants him and his men to recover it . so he helps him escape and he breaks out the others and they go after the plates . but after doing it they discover that the spook might not be ok . and a military intelligence officer who was involved with one of them is pursuing them .
woody buzz and the whole gang are back . as their owner andy prepares to depart for college his loyal toys find themselves in daycare where untamed tots with their sticky little fingers do not play nice . so it 's all for one and one for all as they join barbie 's counterpart ken a thespian hedgehog named mr . pricklepants and a pink strawberry -scented teddy bear called lots -o'-huggin' bear to plan their great escape .
this documentary follows one year in the life of joan rivers who sees herself first and foremost as an actress with her life as a comedienne /writer just an extension of being an actress . now at age rivers has faced her ups and downs in her forty plus year career the year leading up to filming being a down compared to what she would have wanted which is a calendar full of engagements with several engagements each day . that want is in part to support her opulent personal lifestyle but is more a need to bolster her own sense of self -worth as a basically insecure person who is probably best known now for her overuse of cosmetic surgery rather than her professional work . she feels that kathy griffin who she admires is now getting all the engagements she would have gotten in her prime . during this year rivers is seen going from engagement to engagement some big - such as a kennedy center honors for george carlin a double bill with don rickles in new york and her own celebrity roast on comedy central (which she really isn 't looking forward to ) - and some not so big . but perhaps the most important of these to her is the opening of her new play which she is testing in edinburgh important in that she wants to be seen as an actress ; and an appearance on a celebrity version of the apprentice important in that it will mark her first appearance on nbc since being blacklisted by them for her disagreement with johnny carson over the start of her own talk show on rival fox back in . through the year several long time supporters are at her side including daughter melissa rivers personal assistant 'jocelyn pickett ' and manager bill sammeth but all is not smooth even in this part of her life .
the third part of ricky 's themed live stand -up shows .
with an absent father and a withdrawn and depressed mother year -old ree dolly keeps her family together in a dirt poor rural area . she 's taken aback however when the local sheriff tells her that her father put up their house as collateral for his bail and unless he shows up for his trial in a week 's time they will lose it all . she knows her father is involved in the local drug trade and manufactures crystal meth but everywhere she goes the message is the same : stay out of it and stop poking your nose in other people 's business . she refuses to listen even after her father 's brother teardrop tells her he 's probably been killed . she pushes on putting her own life in danger for the sake of her family until the truth or enough of it is revealed .
a bored and domesticated shrek pacts with deal -maker rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again but when he 's duped and sent to a twisted version of far far away -- where rumpelstiltskin is king ogres are hunted and he and fiona have never met -- he sets out to restore his world and reclaim his true love .
while on a mediterranean vacation a seemingly happy boyfriend and girlfriend find their connection to one another tested as they bond with another couple .
when implanted in a person 's wrist a timer counts down to the day the wearer finds true love . but oona o 'leary faces the rare dilemma of a blank timer . her soul mate - whoever and wherever he is - has yet to have a timer implanted . staring down the barrel of thirty and tired of waiting for her would -be life partner to get off the dime oona breaks her own rules and falls for mikey a charming and inappropriately young supermarket clerk with a countdown of four months .
in this concept drama each season takes place within one hour period . day : jack bauer is the head of field ops for an elite team of ctu agents who uncover an assassination plot targeting presidential nominee david palmer . meanwhile jack 's strained marriage to his wife teri is pushed to the brink by the sudden disappearance of their troubled teenage daughter . what will the next hours hold ?
edward leaves bella after an attack that nearly claimed her life and in her depression she falls into yet another paranormal relationship - this time with werewolf jacob black .
centers on sara a beautiful but unhappily married female photographer who begins a torrid affair with jack a lawyer for a powerful family .
tokyo 's nasty underside seen primarily through the eyes of oscar a heavy drug user whose sister linda is a stripper . oscar also has flashbacks to his childhood when trauma upends the siblings . oscar 's drug -fed hallucinations alter tokyo 's already -disconcerting nights and after the police shoot him he can float above and look down : on his sister 's sorrow on the rooms of a love hotel and on life at even a molecular level . the spectrum 's colors can be beautiful ; it 's people 's colorless lives that can be ugly . and what of afterlife is there more than a void ?
in a war -torn world of elemental magic a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the avatar and bring peace to the world .
in uruguay in the early an official of the us agency for international development (a group used as a front for training foreign police in counterinsurgency methods ) is kidnapped by ...
set in the year dr . moreau has successfully combined human and animal dna to make a crossbreed animal . well as usual something goes wrong and david thewlis must try to stop it before it is too late . originally rated r but cut by frankenheimer to allow "a wider audience ".
an in -depth making of documentary about the original star wars trilogy covering the productions of the three films and their impact on popular culture .
follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade -schoolers in the quiet dysfunctional town of south park colorado .
an intimate and moving meditation on the late musician and artist kurt cobain based on more than hours of previously unheard audiotaped interviews conducted with cobain by noted music journalist michael azerrad for his book "come as you are : the story of nirvana ." in the film kurt cobain recounts his own life - from his childhood and adolescence to his days of musical discovery and later dealings with explosive fame - and offers often piercing insights into his life music and times . the conversations heard in the film have never before been made public and they reveal a highly personal portrait of an artist much discussed but not particularly well understood .
the mercenary royce ; the military isabelle ; the russian soldier nikolai ; the san quentin criminal stans ; the sierra leone militia mombasa ; the drug lord cuchillo ; the yakuza hanzo ; and the doctor edwin awake in free fall but they succeed to open their parachutes landing in a jungle . soon they find that they are on another planet and they are prey of aliens in a deadly hunting game and they need to join forces to destroy their predators and survive .
when a criminal mastermind uses a trio of orphan girls as pawns for a grand scheme he finds their love is profoundly changing him for the better .
dom cobb is a skilled thief the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state when the mind is at its most vulnerable . cobb 's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved . now cobb is being offered a chance at redemption . one last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible - inception . instead of the perfect heist cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse : their task is not to steal an idea but to plant one . if they succeed it could be the perfect crime . but no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move . an enemy that only cobb could have seen coming .
after their high school basketball coach passes away five good friends and former teammates reunite for a fourth of july holiday weekend .
sang -hyun a priest working for a hospital selflessly volunteers for a secret vaccine development project intended to eradicate a deadly virus . however the virus eventually takes over the priest . he nearly dies but makes a miraculous recovery by an accidental transfusion of vampire blood . he realizes his sole reason for living : the pleasures of the flesh .
swedish auto is the dramatic story of a small -town mechanic who voyeuristically observes life from the shadows . when he discovers that a young woman is similarly watching him he is ...
a young woman gets mixed up with a disgraced spy who is trying to clear his name .
an extravagant exotic and moving look at rembrandt 's romantic and professional life and the controversy he created by the identification of a murderer in the painting 'the night watch '.
nic and jules are in a long term committed loving but by no means perfect same -sex relationship . nic a physician needs to wield what she believes is control whereas jules under that control is less self -assured. during their relationship jules has floundered in her "nine to five " life sometimes trying to start a business - always unsuccessfully - or being the stay -at-home mom . she is currently trying to start a landscape design business . they have two teen -aged children joni (conceived by nic ) and laser (by jules ). although not exact replicas each offspring does more closely resemble his /her biological mother in temperament . joni and laser are also half -siblings having the same unknown sperm donor father . shortly after joni 's eighteenth birthday and shortly before she plans to leave the house and head off to college laser only fifteen and underage to do so pleads with her to try and contact their sperm donor father . somewhat reluctantly she does . he is late thirty -something paul a co -op farmer and restaurateur . despite his seemingly successful businesses paul has always shirked responsibility most specifically in his personal life . after joni and laser meet with paul nic and jules learn what their children have done and although they don 't want paul infiltrating their lives want to meet him - especially as joni and laser seem to want to maintain some sort of relationship with him . as paul 's relationship with the entire family grows (which includes his hiring jules to design and construct his backyard ) they have an effect on what he wants in life . in turn he affects their family dynamic as well as each person 's relationships outside of it .
in serbia the retired porn star milos is married with his beloved wife marija and they have a little son peter that is their pride and joy . the family is facing financial difficulties but out of the blue milos is contacted by the porn actress lejla that offers him a job opportunity in an art film . milos is introduced to the director vukmir that offers a millionaire contract to milos to act in a film . however vukmir neither show the screenplay nor tell the story to milos . milos discuss the proposal with marija and he signs the contract . but sooner he finds that vukmir and his crew are involved in sick snuff films of pedophilia necrophilia and torture and there is no way back to him and maybe it is too late to protect his family .
cherry bomb follows teenagers luke malachy and michelle as they embark on a wild weekend of drink drugs shop -lifting and stealing cars . but what starts out as a game turns deadly serious when the three discover that they can 't get off the wild ride they 've set in motion .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
evelyn salt is a cia agent and highly respected by all including her boss ted winter . out of the blue a russian spy walks into their offices and offers a vital piece of information : the president of russia will be assassinated during his forthcoming visit to new york city to attend the funeral of the recently deceased u .s. vice president . the name of the assassin : evelyn salt . concerned about the safety of her husband who she cannot contact she goes on the run . winter refuses to accept that she is a mole or a double agent but her actions begin to raise doubts . just who is evelyn salt and what is she planning ?
after her father 's death sensible and cheerful mma precious ramotswe sells her inherited cattle and opens the country 's only female -owned detective agency . she hires botswana secretarial college graduate in the final exams !) grace makutsi as her assistant . together they solve problems big and small with their wisdom big hearts and endless cups of red -bush tea . meanwhile mma ramotswe 's best friend mechanic mr . jlb matekoni hopes for a chance to win her heart ... based on alexander mccall smith 's best -selling book series .
jack rebney is the most famous man you 've never heard of - after cursing his way through a winnebago sales video rebney 's outrageously funny outtakes became an underground sensation and made him an internet superstar . filmmaker ben steinbauer journeys to the top of a mountain to find the recluse who unwittingly became the "winnebago man ."
in the year one hundred eighteen year old nemo is recounting his life story to a reporter . he is less than clear often times thinking that he is only thirty -four years of age . but his story becomes more confusing after he does focus on the fact of his current real age . he tells of his life at three primary points in his life : at age nine (when his parents divorced ) age sixteen and age thirty -four. the confusing aspect of the story is that he tells of alternate life paths often changing course with the flick of a decision at each of those ages . one life path has him ultimately married to elise a depressed woman who never got over the unrequited love she had for a guy named stefano when she was a teenager and who asked nemo to swear that when she died he would sprinkle her ashes on mars . a second life path has him married to jean . their life is one of luxury but one also of utter boredom . and a third life path has him in a torrid romance with his step -sister anna the two who as adults would search for each other after having been torn apart as teenagers . these life paths also intersect with the three women sometimes entering the alternate life in some other aspect . are any of these lives real or are they all a figment of his imagination ?
tim (rudd) is a rising executive who "succeeds" in finding the perfect guest irs employee barry (carell) for his boss 's monthly event a so -called "dinner for idiots " which offers certain advantages to the exec who shows up with the biggest buffoon .
in a small village people 's lives intersect frequently and in unexpected ways . plagge a postal worker who spies on other locals by reading their mail . his breaches of privacy expose the numerous secrets that the people in town keep .
centering on ip man 's migration to hong kong in as he attempts to propagate his discipline of wing chun martial arts .
charlie 's brother sam dies in a car crash that charlie survives . charlie is given the gift of seeing his dead brother but when the girl he falls in love with 's life is at risk he must choose between his girlfriend and his brother .
coach roy once was college basketball 's top mastermind . but lately his attentions have been on his next endorsements not on his next game . whats more roy 's temper has run amuck leading to his being banned from college ball until he can demonstrate compliance --in other words not explode every time he walks onto the court . roy waits and waits ; for a suitable coaching offer but he receives only one : the mount vernon junior high school smelters basketball squad . roy reluctantly accepts the offer hoping that a few weeks at the school will prove his good intentions and restore him to his high -living ways as a celebrated college coach . but when old school meets middle school coach roy doesn 't know what hit him . it 's not until roy decides to teach his young charges some new concepts --like passing rebounding dribbling and scoring --that the smelters begin to find success and roy finds something long thought lost : his love of the game .
two mismatched new york city detectives seize an opportunity to step up like the city 's top cops whom they idolize -- only things don 't quite go as planned .
pablo escobar was the richest most powerful drug kingpin in the world ruling the medellin cartel with an iron fist . andres escobar was the biggest soccer star in colombia . the two were not related but their fates were inextricably - and fatally - intertwined . pablo 's drug money had turned andres ' national team into south american champions favored to win the world cup in los angeles . it was there in a game against the u .s. that andres committed one of the most shocking mistakes in soccer history scoring an "own goal " that eliminated his team from the competition and ultimately cost him his life . the two escobars is a riveting examination of the intersection of sports crime and politics . for colombians soccer was far more than a game : their entire national identity rode on the success or failure of their team . jeff and michael zimbalist 's fast and furious documentary plays out on an ever -expanding canvas painting a fascinating portrait of pablo andres and a country in the grips of a violent escalating civil war .
a kaleidoscopic journey into the parallel musical universe of cult music festival all tomorrow 's parties .
barney ross leads the "expendables" a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast lee christmas martial arts expert yin yang heavy weapons specialist hale caesar demolitionist toll road and loose -cannon sniper gunner jensen . when the group is commissioned by the mysterious mr . church to assassinate the merciless dictator of a small south american island barney and lee head to the remote locale to scout out their opposition . once there they meet with local rebel sandra and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city . when they escape the island and sandra stays behind ross must choose to either walk away and save his own life - or attempt a suicidal rescue mission that might just save his soul .
scott pilgrim must defeat his new girlfriend 's seven evil exes in order to win her heart .
a seventeen year -old navigates his survival amongst an explosive criminal family and the detective who thinks he can save him .
a splinter group of roman soldiers fight for their lives behind enemy lines after their legion is decimated in a devastating guerrilla attack .
a look at one year in the life of four babies from around the world from mongolia to namibia to san francisco to tokyo .
jamie morgan a young man with a large heart -shaped birthmark on his face discovers that there are demons on the streets of east london .
when flesh -eating piranhas are accidentally released into a summer resort 's rivers the guests become their next meal .
a seemingly perfect family moves into a suburban neighborhood but when it comes to the truth as to why they 're living there they don 't exactly come clean with their neighbors .
jin kazama witnesses the death of his mother jun by tekken in the slums known as anvil . after finding a tekken id he decides to seek out vengeance for his mother 's death .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
lester and carolyn burnham are on the outside a perfect husband and wife in a perfect house in a perfect neighborhood . but inside lester is slipping deeper and deeper into a hopeless depression . he finally snaps when he becomes infatuated with one of his daughter 's friends . meanwhile his daughter jane is developing a happy friendship with a shy boy -next-door named ricky who lives with an abusive father .
steve brooks is a sexist and the prototype macho . unfortunately one day he is killed by one of his girlfriends . in heaven though there is no place for men like him and he is sent back to earth in the body of a woman so that he can see how women are treated by men like the one he once was .
an exploration of the fracking petroleum extraction industry and the serious environmental consequences involved .
when a young punk rock band starts out in the underground music scene the only thing they have is each other . but when a childhood friend - with complicated connections to the group - leverages her p .r. skills to get them noticed they suddenly find themselves on the verge of making it big . the only question is how far they 're willing to go in the pursuit of fame and fortune and who they 're willing to leave behind to get there . hated explores the dark smoke -filled corners where human nature and the contemporary music industry meet .
the highly skilled federale machete is hired by some unsavory types to assassinate a senator . but just as he 's about to take the shot he notices someone aiming at him and realizes he 's been set up . he barely survives the sniper 's bullet and is soon out for revenge on his former employers with the reluctant assistance of his brother cheech marin who has become a priest and taken a vow of nonviolence . if you hire him to take out the bad guys make sure the bad guys aren 't you !
erin has just six more weeks as an intern at the new york sentinel before she returns to san francisco . that 's fine with garrett since he just got out of a relationship . but their relationship blossoms and it quickly becomes something that they can 't just drop in six weeks . they admit to wanting to be boyfriend /girlfriend just on opposite coasts . the distance wears on them as with their nay -saying friends and sister and soon they are forced to either break up or come up with a solution that has them living in the same city .
prof . joseph elsner guides his protg frydryk chopin through his formative years to early adulthood in poland . at a recital in a duke 's home chopin insults the new russian -installed governor and must flee the country . the professor takes him to paris where he eventually comes under the wing and influence of novelist george sand and rises to prominence in the music world to the exclusion of his old friends and patriotic feelings towards poland .
frank crane sheriff of washington 's spork town welcomes back his daughter becca . however obvious the signs she takes forever to recognize its halloween -like decoration hardly masks the omnipresence of bizarrely clumsy vampires and werewolves even in the case of her devoted youth friend jacob white whose canine traits extend from a tail to the irresistible urge to chase cats . she falls in love with sickly pale edward sullen member of the depressed bloodthirsty adopted family of dr . carlton .
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called "the hive " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab "animals" that they were studying . the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit where they meet alice who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . the military team must shut down the computer and get out fighting their way past zombies mutants and the computer itself before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . alice must also come to terms with her slowly -returning memories .
on a fall night in harvard undergrad and computer programming genius mark zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea . in a fury of blogging and programming what begins in his dorm room soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication . a mere six years and million friends later mark zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history ... but for this entrepreneur success leads to both personal and legal complications .
as he plans his next job a longtime thief tries to balance his feelings for a bank manager connected to one of his earlier heists as well as the fbi agent looking to bring him and his crew down .
after a little white lie about losing her virginity gets out a clean cut high school girl sees her life paralleling hester prynne 's in "the scarlet letter " which she is currently studying in school - until she decides to use the rumor mill to advance her social and financial standing .
a married woman realizes how unhappy her marriage really is and that her life needs to go in a different direction . after a painful divorce she takes off on a round -the-world journey to "find herself ".
it 's san francisco in and an american masterpiece is put on trial . howl the film recounts this dark moment using three interwoven threads : the tumultuous life events that led a young allen ginsberg to find his true voice as an artist society 's reaction (the obscenity trial ) and animation that echoes the poem 's surreal style . all three coalesce in hybrid that dramatizes the birth of a counterculture .
documenting joaquin phoenix 's transition from the acting world to a career as an aspiring rapper .
goran and sven have been cleared for adoption and are given the option to adopt swedish orphan "patrik " but when patrik arrives he turns out not to be the little boy they were expecting . a comma was misplaced and the boy they receive is a -year-old homophobe with a criminal past .
two eighth -graders start to have feelings for each other despite being total opposites .
a young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider who takes the youth under his wing .
a series about the life career and works of the movie comedy genius .
when a young owl is abducted by an evil owl army he must escape with new -found friends and seek the legendary guardians to stop the menace .
a clinically depressed teenager gets a new start after he checks himself into an adult psychiatric ward .
an extremely weird comedy revolving around the life of - year -old abel who has never left home (literally). after failing with doctors and psychiatrists abel 's father victor brings home christine a friend in an attempt to teach abel basic social skills . but victor 's wife duif accuses him of having an affair and in the ensuing row abel is thrown out into the street . but help is at hand when he runs into kind -hearted stripper zus - whose show victor is obsessed with ...
wayne beering and buck dolby are drugged out geniuses with lots of ideas but they can never seem to get their act together . but when they come up with the idea to create a porn site - and charge for it (the first ever site to do so ) their idea may be too lucrative for them to handle . straight -laced business man jack harris is brought in to team up with them and turn their profitable idea into a legit business . making money in the pornography industry is pretty easy but staying true to yourself when surrounded by that much wealth luxury sex crime and temptations is much harder .
when hundreds of videotapes showing torture murder and dismemberment are found in an abandoned house they reveal a serial killer 's decade -long reign of terror and become the most disturbing collection of evidence homicide detectives have ever seen .
alice an unpretentious and individual -year-old is betrothed to a dunce of an english nobleman . at her engagement party she escapes the crowd to consider whether to go through with the marriage and falls down a hole in the garden after spotting an unusual rabbit . arriving in a strange and surreal place called "underland" she finds herself in a world that resembles the nightmares she had as a child filled with talking animals villainous queens and knights and frumious bandersnatches . alice realizes that she is there for a reason --to conquer the horrific jabberwocky and restore the rightful queen to her throne .
in los alamos new mexico the twelve year -old owen is a lonely and outcast boy bullied in school by kenny and two other classmates ; at home owen dreams of avenging himself against the trio of bullies . he befriends his twelve -year-old next door neighbor abby who only appears during the night in the playground of their building . meanwhile abby 's father is a wanted serial -killer who drains the blood of his victims to supply abby who is actually an ancient vampire . abby advises owen to fight kenny ; however soon he discovers that she is a vampire and he feels fear and love for the girl . meanwhile a police officer is investigating the murder cases believing that it is a satanic cult .
penny chenery tweedy and colleagues guide her long -shot but precocious stallion to set in the unbeaten record for winning the triple crown .
a supernatural drama about grief .
in philadelphia detective bowden is still grieving for his wife and son killed in a hit -and-run five years ago . when someone jumps from a skyscraper onto a truck bowden is sent to investigate . meanwhile five strangers are trapped in an elevator in the building where the jumper committed suicide . the communication radio in the elevator is broken but the guards lustig and ramirez observe the individuals via cctv as events unfold . tensions run high among those trapped so lustig calls the police and detective bowden assumes the case . without being able to contact the individuals he tries to work out who they are but he can only account for four of them . time is running out for the occupants of the elevator as bowden realizes he has to get them out quickly .
when a young woman realizes her brother is about to marry the girl who bullied her in high school she sets out to expose the fiance 's true colors .
holly and eric were set up on a blind date by their friends peter and allison who are married . after peter and allison are killed in an accident they learn that they have been named as the guardians to peter and allison 's daughter sophie . so they move into their house and try their best to honor their friends ' wishes . but raising a child puts a crimp on their style and they don 't exactly get along .
young filmmakers document their colleague 's budding online friendship with a young woman and her family which leads to an unexpected series of discoveries .
sally 's parents ' marriage breaks up when her father undergoes a mid -life crisis and impulsively weds a prostitute as sally 's own marriage also begins to disintegrate .
'inside job ' provides a comprehensive analysis of the global financial crisis of which at a cost over trillion caused millions of people to lose their jobs and homes in the worst recession since the great depression and nearly resulted in a global financial collapse . through exhaustive research and extensive interviews with key financial insiders politicians journalists and academics the film traces the rise of a rogue industry which has corrupted politics regulation and academia . it was made on location in the united states iceland england france singapore and china .
six years after earth has suffered an alien invasion a cynical journalist agrees to escort a shaken american tourist through an infected zone in mexico to the safety of the u .s. border .
the lives of three friends from their early school days into young adulthood .
in turn -of-the-century vienna a magician uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing .
unusual gangster story in which a small -time pimp franz who is torn between his mistress and bruno the gangster sent after him by the syndicate that he has refused to join . things are ...
smith 's everyday life in the dorm - hanging out with his arty sarcastic best friend stella hooking up with a beautiful free spirit named london lusting for his gorgeous but dim surfer roommate thor - all gets turned upside -down after one fateful terrifying night .
a homicidal car tire discovering it has destructive psionic power sets its sights on a desert town once a mysterious woman becomes its obsession .
a doctor seeks revenge by kidnapping torturing and killing the man who raped and murdered his young daughter .
johnny knoxville and company return for the third installment of their tv show spin -off where dangerous stunts and explicit public displays rule .
sebastian junger and tim hetherington 's year dug in with the second platoon in one of afghanistan 's most strategically crucial valleys reveals extraordinary insight into the surreal combination of back breaking labor deadly firefights and camaraderie as the soldiers painfully push back the taliban .
frank (bruce willis ) is retired bored and lonely living off his government pension in a nondescript suburb in an equally nondescript house . the only joy in frank 's life is his calls to the government pension processing center when he gets to talk to his case worker sarah (mary-louis parker ). sarah is as bored and lonely as frank and marks her conversations with the unknown frank and her spy novels as the only things fun in her life . when something in frank 's past forces frank back into his old line of work and puts an unwitting sarah in the middle of the intrigue frank and sarah begin a journey into frank 's past and the people he used to work with . like frank they are all red ... retired extremely dangerous .
after experiencing what they think are a series of "break-ins" a family sets up security cameras around their home only to realize that the events unfolding before them are more sinister than they seem .
a drama centered on three people -- a blue -collar american a french journalist and a london school boy -- who are touched by death in different ways .
set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in england a young monk is tasked with learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life a mission that pulls him toward a village ruler who has made a dark pact with evil forces .
high -strung father -to-be peter highman is forced to hitch a ride with aspiring actor ethan tremblay on a road trip in order to make it to his child 's birth on time .
an adventurous mountain climber becomes trapped under a boulder while canyoneering alone near moab utah and resorts to desperate measures in order to survive .
after super -villain megamind (ferrell) kills his good -guy nemesis metro man (pitt) he becomes bored since there is no one left to fight . he creates a new foe titan (hill) who instead of using his powers for good sets out to destroy the world positioning megamind to save the day for the first time in his life .
a committed dancer wins the lead role in a production of tchaikovsky 's "swan lake " only to find herself struggling to maintain her sanity .
cia operative valerie plame discovers her identity is allegedly leaked by the government as payback for an op -ed article her husband wrote criticizing the bush administration .
great britain . the population is now governed by an increasingly corrupt bureaucracy headed by the home secretary and backed by the tyrannical public control department (pcd) who have done away with the rights of the individual and maintain control through id cards rationing censorship and electronic /audio/physical surveillance . free speech is forbidden . the rule of law no longer protects the weak and defenseless . emigration is impossible . but escape is not thanks to rebels like jim kyle (edward woodward ) a journalist and secret dissident who battles the forces of the establishment but constantly faces imprisonment or death (or worse ) at the hands of the pcd and its ruthless controller herbert skardon .
a runaway train carrying a cargo of toxic chemicals puts an engineer and his conductor in a race against time . they 're chasing the runaway train in a separate locomotive and need to bring it under control before it derails on a curve and causes a toxic spill that will decimate a town .
becky (rachel mcadams ) is a hard -working morning tv show producer or at least she was until she got fired . desperate to get a job she finally gets an interview with jerry (jeff goldblum ) - who is desperate to hire a producer for the struggling show "daybreak". becky accepts the job and it proves to be more difficult than even she might be able to handle . she has to fire the sexist co -host then try to convince egotistical news reporter mike pomeroy (harrison ford ) to take the job and then try and get him to actually do the job properly . and she has to do this while falling for handsome adam (patrick wilson ) and trying to save the show from plummeting ratings . will becky be able to hold on to her dream job and her sanity ?
james miller has just written a book on the value of a copy versus the original work of art . at a book reading a woman gives him her address and the next day they meet and take a country -side drive to a local italian village . here they discuss various works of art found in the town and also the nature of their relationship - which gets both more revealed and concealed as the day progresses .
lara brennan is arrested for murdering her boss with whom she had an argument . it seems she was seen leaving the scene of the crime and her fingerprints were on the murder weapon . her husband john would spend the next few years trying to get her released but there 's no evidence that negates the evidence against her . and when the strain of being separated from her family especially her son gets to her john decides to break her out . so he does a lot of research to find a way .
uxbal single father of two children finds his life in chaos as he is forced to deal with his life in order to escape the heat of crime in underground barcelona to break with the love for the divorced manic depressive abusive mother of his children and to regain spiritual insight in his life as he is diagnosed with terminal cancer .
a misanthropic professor returns to his hometown to assist his dying mother .
harry ron and hermione continue their quest of finding and destroying the dark lord 's three remaining horcruxes the magical items responsible for his immortality . but as the mystical deathly hallows are uncovered and voldemort finds out about their mission the biggest battle begins and life as they know it will never be the same again .
england 's prince albert must ascend the throne as king george vi but he has a speech impediment . knowing that the country needs her husband to be able to communicate effectively elizabeth hires lionel logue an australian actor and speech therapist to help him overcome his stammer . an extraordinary friendship develops between the two men as logue uses unconventional means to teach the monarch how to speak with confidence .
after receiving the healing powers from a magical flower the baby princess rapunzel is kidnapped from the palace in the middle of the night by mother gothel . mother gothel knows that the flower 's magical powers are now growing within the golden hair of rapunzel and to stay young she must lock rapunzel in her hidden tower . rapunzel is now a teenager and her hair has grown to a length of -feet. the beautiful rapunzel has been in the tower her entire life and she is curious of the outside world . one day the bandit flynn ryder scales the tower and is taken captive by rapunzel . rapunzel strikes a deal with the charming thief to act as her guide to travel to the place where the floating lights come from that she has seen every year on her birthday . rapunzel is about to have the most exciting and magnificent journey of her life .
phil spector is a pioneer of american music a legendary producer to john lennon and tina turner and as of april a convicted murderer . yet the spector who appears in vikram jayanti 's documentary is not the severe outlandishly coiffed defendant seen in sensationalistic accounts of his trial but a charming savvy music executive with a generous but arguably accurate estimation of his place in the history of popular music .
crunch calhoun (kurt russell ) a third rate motorcycle daredevil and semi -reformed art thief agrees to get back into the con game and pull off one final lucrative art theft with his untrustworthy brother nicky (matt dillon ). reassembling the old team crunch comes up with a plan to steal a priceless historical book but the successful heist leads to another far riskier plan devised by nicky . they fail to realize each other 's separate agendas when their plan goes awry in this con movie about honor revenge and the bonds of brotherhood .
aicha a high -school student is a passionate kung fu fighter . her turkish parents expect her to get good grades so she can get into medical school like her brother ali . but school doesn 't inspire her . defying her family aicha starts secretly training at a professional co -ed kung fu club . a boy emil helps aicha train for the club championship and they fall in love . but the rules of life are not as simple as the rules of kung fu and aicha is forced to decide who she is and what she wants .
seven close friends reunite for the wedding of two of their friends . problems arise because the bride and the maid of honor have had a long rivalry over the groom .
pat tillman never thought of himself as a hero . his choice to leave a multimillion -dollar football contract and join the military wasn 't done for any reason other than he felt it was the right thing to do . the fact that the military manipulated his tragic death in the line of duty into a propaganda tool is unfathomable and thoroughly explored in amir bar -lev's riveting and enraging documentary .
a contemporary vampire story set in present day seattle . serbia (the son of an oracle whose father sat at the right hand of zeus ) once roamed the earth as the man judas iscariot and is now the leader of an entire race of vampires . his goal as it has been since the crucifixion of christ is to bring into captivity enslave and feed upon the entire human race .
an ex -con with a reputation tries to go straight by working as a handy man for a reclusive actress but this is unfortunately not the wish of london 's underground crime lord .
jarrod and his pregnant girlfriend elaine travel to los angeles to meet his old friend and successful entrepreneur terry and his wife candice . terry gives a party in his apartment for jarrod and offers a job position to him in la . terry 's assistant and lover denise (crystal reed ) and his friend ray (neil hopkins ) sleep on the couch in the living room but in the dawn of the next morning the group is awakened by mysterious beams of blue light . ray stares at the light and is taken by the mysterious force . the group of friends try to escape from the alien invaders .
stephen has agoraphobia and in the flat he won 't leave meticulously labels and stores everything from nail clippings to urine . in long flashbacks we see a trip to the continent he took with his only friend bunny an outgoing inveterate gambler . the european trip is a bit dull (stephen wants to visit every museum imaginable ) until one night in poland they meet eloisa a spanish waitress and offer to drive her home for her city 's fiesta . we can guess that the trip won 't end well - because stephen is now stuck in his flat with occasional visits from bunny - but will anything in the reverie move stephen to action ?
a modern -day take on the "beauty and the beast " tale where a new york teen is transformed into a hideous monster in order to find true love .
four children from the same family have to leave their town because wwii is happening . a women and a professor take the children to their house . while playing a game of hide and seek the youngest member of the family 'lucy' finds a wardrobe to hide in . she travels back and back into the wardrobe and finds a place named narnia . after going in twice the four children go in together for the last time . they battle wolves meet talking animals encounter a evil white witch and meet a magnificent lion named 'aslan'. will this be the end of their journey to narnia or will they stay ?
about a recent college grad who returns home while she tries to figure out what to do with her life .
a group of tourists on a "once-in-a-lifetime" european vacation try to rekindle their romance with themselves .
on christmas eve in finland santa claus is unearthed in an archaeological dig . soon after children start disappearing leading a boy and his father to capture santa and with the help of fellow hunters they look to sell him back to the corporation that sponsored the dig . and then there 's santa 's elves who are determined to free their leader ...
through a series of bizarre coincidences artist finds himself falsely accused of bank robbery and murder and is pursued by the authorities and the real killers .
a love story and murder mystery based on the most notorious unsolved murder case in new york history . the original screenplay uses newly discovered facts court records and speculation as the foundation for a story of family obsession love and loss .
following the murder of her father by hired hand tom chaney -year-old farm girl mattie ross sets out to capture the killer . to aid her she hires the toughest u .s. marshal she can find a man with "true grit " reuben j . "rooster" cogburn . mattie insists on accompanying cogburn whose drinking sloth and generally reprobate character do not augment her faith in him . against his wishes she joins him in his trek into the indian nations in search of chaney . they are joined by texas ranger laboeuf who wants chaney for his own purposes . the unlikely trio find danger and surprises on the journey and each has his or her "grit" tested .
hacker /arcade owner kevin flynn is digitally broken down into a data stream by a villainous software pirate known as master control and reconstituted into the internal -d graphical world of computers . it is there in the ultimate blazingly colorful geometrically intense landscapes of cyberspace that flynn joins forces with tron to outmaneuver the master control program that holds them captive in the equivalent of a gigantic infinitely challenging computer game .
a married couple who have managed to remain blissfully happy into their autumn years are surrounded over the course of the four seasons of one average year by friends colleagues and family who all seem to suffer some degree of unhappiness .
after being cut from the usa softball team and feeling a bit past her prime lisa finds herself evaluating her life and in the middle of a love triangle as a corporate guy in crisis competes with her current baseball -playing beau .
the picaresque and touching story of the politically incorrect fully lived life of the impulsive irascible and fearlessly blunt barney panofsky .
set around a deal gone wrong ; two underlings of a corrupt organisation engage in a battle of wits in this ultra lo -fi futuristic satire of the modern workplace .
in this provocative teen comedy luke a young man insecure about his masculinity discovers he 's a zerophiliac with the ability to change sex at will . join luke as he journeys into the extraordinary world of zerophilia where so many crazy questions arise only one question matters : "whom do you love ?"
jang kyung -chul (choi min -sik) is a dangerous psychopath serial killer . he has committed infernal serial murders in diabolic ways that one cannot even imagine and his victims range from young women to even children . the police have chased him for a long time but were unable to catch him . one day joo -yeon daughter of a retired police chief becomes his prey and is found dead in a horrific state . her fianc soo -hyun (lee byung -hun) a top secret agent decides to track down the murderer himself . he promises himself that he will do everything in his power to take bloody vengeance against the killer even if it means that he must become a monster himself to get this monstrous and inhumane killer .
it has taken years two little fockers with wife pam and countless hurdles for greg to finally get in with his tightly wound father -in-law jack . after the cash -strapped dad takes a job moonlighting for a drug company however jack 's suspicions about his favorite male nurse come roaring back . when greg and pam 's entire clan --including pam 's lovelorn ex kevin (owen wilson )--descends for the twins ' birthday party greg must prove to the skeptical jack that he 's fully capable as the man of the house . but with all the misunderstandings spying and covert missions will greg pass jack 's final test and become the family 's next patriarch or will the circle of trust be broken for good ?
lemuel gulliver has been working in the mail room of a new york daily newspaper for the past ten years . afraid to put himself out there he considers himself a loser as do all his peers . one day after having finally had enough he decides to declare his flame to the beautiful darcy silverman the newspaper 's travel editor and one of gulliver 's only friends ...only to chicken out at the last minute and instead tell her that he 'd like to try his hand at writing a column . darcy accepts and sends him on an assignment to the bermuda triangle . there gulliver becomes shipwrecked and ends up on the island of liliput where he is twelve taller than the tallest man . for the first time gulliver has people looking up to him ...
spain is in the midst of the brutal spanish civil war . a "happy" circus clown is interrupted mid -performance and forcibly recruited by a militia . still in his costume he is handed a machete and led into battle against national soldiers where he single handedly massacres an entire platoon . fast forward to the tail end of the franco regime . javier the son of the clown dreams of following in his father 's career footsteps but has seen too much tragedy in his life -he's simply not funny and is only equipped to play the role of the sad clown . he finds work in a circus where he befriends an outlandish cast of characters but as the sad clown he must take the abuse of the brutish happy clown sergio who humiliates javier daily in the name of entertainment . it is here that he meets natalia a gorgeous acrobat and abused wife of sergio . javier falls deeply in love with natalia and tries to rescue her from her cruel and violent husband unleashing sergio 's jealousy . but natalia is torn between her affection towards javier and her lust for sergio .
the most dangerous man in america is the story of what happens when a former pentagon insider armed only with his conscience steadfast determination and a file cabinet full of ...
a small -town girl ventures to los angeles and finds her place in a neo -burlesque club run by a former dancer .
two filmmakers enlist four college students to partcipate in exploring a haunted house while being filmed . the filmmaker 's plan goes awry when a malevolent ghost is awakend from an ancient slumber .
the clock family are four -inch-tall people who live anonymously in another family 's residence borrowing simple items to make their home . life changes for the clocks when their daughter arrietty is discovered .
a documentary filmmaker travels to jellystone park to shoot a project and soon crosses paths with yogi bear his sidekick boo -boo and ranger smith .
a dramatization of the strike at the ford dagenham car plant where female workers walked out in protest against sexual discrimination .
an uplifting feature documentary highlighting the transformative power of art and the beauty of the human spirit . top -selling contemporary artist vik muniz takes us on an emotional journey from jardim gramacho the world 's largest landfill on the outskirts of rio de janeiro to the heights of international art stardom . vik collaborates with the brilliant catadores pickers of recyclable materials true shakespearean characters who live and work in the garbage quoting machiavelli and showing us how to recycle ourselves .
reeling from a terrifying assault a year -old enrolls into college with his brother and pledges the same fraternity . what happens there in the name of "brotherhood" tests him and his loyalty to his brother in brutal ways .
the documentary explores the enigmatic life and music of harry nilsson in an attempt to answer the question "who is harry nilsson ?" the film includes new and archive audio and film including interviews with robin williams yoko ono van dyke parks randy newman ray cooper the smothers brothers and micky dolenz . "who is harry nilsson ?" uses promotional films music videos and home movies ; segments from the unreleased documentary made during the recording of son of schmilsson (did somebody drop his mouse ?); and excerpts from nilsson 's rare tv appearances in his bbc specials the "smothers brothers comedy hour " "playboy after dark " and in an episode of "the ghost and mrs . muir ".
playboy britt reid (seth rogen ) becomes the new publisher of los angeles ' "the daily sentinel " after the sudden death of his father . britt 's party life is about to change when he and his driver and kung fu expert kato (jay chou ) stop a robbery . with the help of kato britt starts a new career of fighting crime as the masked superhero "the green hornet ".
the only thing keeping harold 's family bound is his unconditional love for them .
someone is selling guns to the indians and in order to find the culprit calamity jane and a secret agent go undercover posing as man and wife . when the agent is killed jane recruits a new husband -- none other than innocent dupe "painless" peter potter a totally inept dentist and confirmed coward who 's main goal is to leave the barbaric west far behind . when their wagon train is attacked by the indians it 's jane 's sharpshooting that saves the day but she gives the credit to potter making him an instant hero to the townspeople and instant target to both the indians and the gunrunners .
a warrior -assassin is forced to hide in a small town in the american badlands after refusing a mission .
a series of mishaps manages to make a young man get chased by a big city 's entire police force .
a century crusader returns to a homeland devastated by the black plague . a beleaguered church deeming sorcery the culprit of the plague commands the two knights to transport an accused witch to a remote abbey where monks will perform a ritual in hopes of ending the pestilence . a priest a grieving knight a disgraced itinerant and a headstrong youth who can only dream of becoming a knight join a mission troubled by mythically hostile wilderness and fierce contention over the fate of the girl . when the embattled party arrives at the abbey a horrific discovery jeopardises the knight 's pledge to ensure the girl fair treatment and pits them against an inexplicably powerful and destructive force .
the old west .. where a lone cowboy leads an uprising against a terror from beyond our world . . new mexico territory . a stranger with no memory of his past stumbles into the hard desert town of absolution . the only hint to his history is a mysterious shackle that encircles one wrist . what he discovers is that the people of absolution don 't welcome strangers and nobody makes a move on its streets unless ordered to do so by the iron -fisted colonel dolarhyde (ford). it 's a town that lives in fear . but absolution is about to experience fear it can scarcely comprehend as the desolate city is attacked by marauders from the sky . screaming down with breathtaking velocity and blinding lights to abduct the helpless one by one these monsters challenge everything the residents have ever known . now the stranger they rejected is their only hope for salvation . as this gunslinger slowly starts to remember who he is and where he 's been he realizes he holds a secret that could give the town a fighting chance against the alien force . with the help of the elusive traveler ella (olivia wilde ) he pulls together a posse comprised of former opponents -townsfolk dolarhyde and his boys outlaws and apache warriors -all in danger of annihilation . united against a common enemy they will prepare for an epic showdown for survival .
the personifications of daytime and nighttime learn to get along .
after a vicious attacks leaves him brain -damaged and broke mark hogancamp seeks recovery in "marwencol" a scale world war ii -era town he creates in his backyard .
an army of gay /nazi bikers make their engines roar and ride the way to pain /pleasure as sexual and sadistic symbols are intercut into the dazing chaos and rhythmic experiences of this underground film by cult director anger .
a little girl is in a hospital dying of cancer . death row inmate rudy salazar has the bone marrow to save her life . his sentence is changed to life without parole in exchange for donating his bone marrow but he escapes on the way to the hospital and begins another reign of terror . the lapd officers hunting him down are hot on his trail but they have strict instructions to capture him alive .
four friends embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend .
on a flight from chicago to los angeles via iowa lawyer david trask gets to know three of his fellow passengers as one technical issue after another leads to delays and unscheduled stops along the way . those three are physician dr . robert fortness struggling actress with the stage name binky gay and loud salesman eddie hoke who is both quick with a joke and quick to show off a photograph of his beautiful wife marie hoke . below the surface the three have deeper stories which are bringing them back to los angeles and which dr . fortness and binky divulge to david . dr . fortness an alcoholic is returning to own up to his drunken part in the death of a friend and his wife claire 's complicity in the matter . binky after being away in new york for a year is returning to her husband mike carr hoping to take him away from his overbearing mother former vaudeville star sally carr who still basks in her former but no longer shining glory and who is the cause of any marital problem she and mike have had as she sees binky as competition in every sense of the word . because of an incident en route and his burgeoning friendship with them david feels compelled to help them resolve their issues . specifically in dealing with eddie 's life david is forced to reflect on his own and the reason he left his home in midland city iowa .
a sixty -something woman faced with the discovery of a heinous family crime and in the early stages of alzheimer 's disease finds strength and purpose when she enrolls in a poetry class .
with the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access percent of his brain abilities a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard but it also puts him in a new world with lots of dangers .
ray kurzweil is on a journey to bring his ideas to the world .
hollywood icon carrie fisher tells her raw and intoxicating true story in this documentary based on her hit stage production . touching on stardom mental illness addiction and more the actress recounts her peaks and valleys with candor and humor .
when the angels start attacking the planet earth in the year only a handful of -year-old eva pilots are able to stop them . young shinji ikari suddenly finds himself forced to pilot eva a giant organic mecha designed and constructed by nerv that is the only thing that can stop the angels .
in the legendary american duo white stripes toured canada . besides playing the usual venues they challenged themselves and played in buses cafs and for indian tribal elders . music video director emmett malloy followed the band and managed to capture both the special tour extraordinary concert versions of the band 's minimalist raw blues -inspired rock songs and the special relationship between the extroverted jack white and the introspective meg white - a formerly married couple who for a long time claimed to be siblings . the film makes striking use of the band 's concert colors : red white and black .
nick a somewhat chauvinistic advertising exec hot shot has his life turned haywire when a fluke accident enables him to hear what women think . at first all he wants to do is rid himself of this curse until a wacky psychologist shows him that this could be used to his advantage ! his first target is darcy mcguire the very woman that got the promotion he wanted . but just as his plan is beginning to work love gets in the way ...
kevin mccallister 's parents have split up . now living with his mom he decides to spend christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father 's rich girlfriend natalie . meanwhile robber marv merchants one of the villains from the first two movies partners up with a new criminal named vera to hit natalie 's mansion .
occasionally in the years since summer camp adam and emma cross paths . when he discovers that an ex -girlfriend is living with his dad he gets drunk calls every woman in his cell phone contact list and ends up passed out naked in her living room . by this time she 's a medical resident in l .a. and he 's a gopher on a "glee"-like tv series hoping to be a writer . she guards her emotions (calling her father 's funeral "a thing ") so after a quick shag in the moments she has before leaving for the hospital she asks if he wants a no -strings-attached sex -only relationship without romance or complications . a prescription for fun or for disaster ?
mick haller is a defense lawyer who works out of his lincoln . when a wealthy realtor is accused of assaulting a prostitute haller is asked to defend him . the man claims that the woman is ...
mike picks up his teenage son on his birthday so they can spend a rare day together but soon realizes that there is a lot they don 't know about each other anymore .
after being poisoned by sun radiation a dying superman decides to fulfill his lifelong dreams while lex luthor has his own agenda .
present days . a man and his companion go on a journey to cremate the dead body of the former beloved wife on a riverbank in the area where they spent their honeymoon .
a man awakens from a coma only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one (not even his wife ) believes him . with the help of a young woman he sets out to prove who he is .
tim lippe has no idea what he 's in for when he 's sent to cedar rapids iowa to represent his company at an annual insurance convention where he soon finds himself under the "guidance" of three convention veterans .
the neighboring gardens of montague and capulet are at war but the gnomes gnomeo and juliet are in love .
a black comedy about two century grave robbers who find a lucrative business providing cadavers for an edinburgh medical school .
two sci -fi geeks take a pilgrimage to america 's ufo heartland . while there they accidentally meet an alien who brings them on an insane road trip that alters their universe forever . for the past years an alien named paul (voiced by seth rogen ) has been hanging out at a top -secret military base . when he discovers he 's been taken prisoner the space -traveling smart ass decides to escape the compound and hop on the first vehicle out of town - a rented rv containing earthlings graeme willy (simon pegg ) and clive gollings (nick frost ). chased by federal agents and the fanatical father of a young woman that they accidentally kidnap graeme and clive hatch a fumbling escape plan to return paul to his mother ship . and as two nerds struggle to help one little green man might just take his fellow outcasts from misfits to intergalactic heroes .
danila bagrov meets his army buddy konstantin gromov in moscow with whom he fought in chechnya . the friend tells danila about his twin brother dmitry who is a professional hockey player in america . however the team owner in cahoots with his russian partner has swindled the young star into an oppressive contract allowing them to rob him blind . several days after this conversation danila finds konstantin dead . in order to straighten things out and avenge his friend danila goes to chicago .
emma woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people 's affairs . she is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other . despite her interest in romance emma is clueless about her own feelings and her relationship with gentle mr . knightly .
rango is an ordinary chameleon who accidentally winds up in the town of dirt a lawless outpost in the wild west in desperate need of a new sheriff .
it 's the late when wall street is riding high and it seems as if the entire country is cashing in on the bumper profits . disgusted with the materialism that surrounds him matt franklin a brilliant young mit graduate has walked out on his well -paid position at a local lab and taken a low -level job as a video clerk much to his father bill 's consternation . and the crises keep piling up in matt 's life . his best buddy barry has just gotten fired from his job his brainy sister wendy is getting hitched to her vapid boyfriend kyle and the gorgeous tori frederking long -time object of matt 's unattainable adoration is suddenly back in the picture . now on one wild woolly and irresponsible evening everything is coming to a head with explosive results .
a psychological thriller of a grieving mother turned cold -blooded avenger with a twisty master plan to pay back those who were responsible for her daughter 's death .
do we control our destiny or do unseen forces manipulate us ? a man glimpses the future fate has planned for him and realizes he wants something else . to get it he must pursue across under and through the streets of modern -day new york the only woman he 's ever loved . on the brink of winning a seat in the u .s. senate ambitious politician david norris (matt damon ) meets beautiful contemporary ballet dancer elise sellas (emily blunt ) a woman like none he 's ever known . but just as he realizes he 's falling for her mysterious men conspire to keep the two apart . david learns he is up against the agents of fate itself the men of the adjustment bureau who will do everything in their considerable power to prevent david and elise from being together . in the face of overwhelming odds he must either let her go and accept a predetermined path ... or risk everything to defy fate and be with her .
realizing the urban legend of their youth has actually come true ; two filmmakers delve into the mystery surrounding five missing children and the real -life boogeyman linked to their disappearances .
kev a mechanic in his drives up the dublin mountains to end his life . he is cruelly interrupted by an old man who is lost . kev is forced to make some hard decisions for better or worse .
a couple of married guys are always looking at other women . their wives are fed up with their behavior and grant them a 'hall pass ': a week off their marriage allowing them to do anything . but the guys take their time and their week is almost up . what they don 't realize is that at the same time their wives make connections of their own .
jerry shaw is an amiable slacker with an over -achieving twin brother . after his twin dies in an accident strange things happen to jerry at a dizzying pace : a fortune shows up in his bank account weapons are delivered to his flat and a voice on his cell phone tells him the police are on their way . jerry follows the voice 's instructions and soon he and a woman he 's never met are racing through the city on to a plane and eventually to the pentagon chased by the fbi . she is rachel holloman a single mom ; the voice has threatened her son 's death if she doesn 't cooperate . the voice seems to know everything . who is behind it what is being planned and why jerry and rachel ?
extraordinary teen john smith (pettyfer) is a fugitive on the run from ruthless enemies sent to destroy him . changing his identity moving from town to town with his guardian henri (olyphant) john is always the new kid with no ties to his past . in the small ohio town he now calls home john encounters unexpected life -changing events -his first love (agron) powerful new abilities and a connection to the others who share his incredible destiny .
after the dragon leaves the lonely mountain the people of lake -town see a threat coming . orcs dwarves elves and people prepare for war . bilbo sees thorin going mad and tries to help . meanwhile gandalf is rescued from the necromancer 's prison and his rescuers realize who the necromancer is .
kenji koiso an eleventh grade math genius agrees to take a summer job at the nagano hometown of his crush natuski . when he arrives he finds that her family have reunited to celebrate the birthday of the family matriarch . his job is to pretend to be natsuki 's fianc . meanwhile his attempt to solve a mathematical equation causes a parallel world 's collision with earth .
two men in an apartment with their opposing beliefs in this play by cormac mccarthey . the black guy a former convict who believes in god just saved the white agnostic professor from jumping in front of the express train . he won 't let the depressed man leave without following him and feel he 's in this situation for a reason decided by god . an intense chamber play about belief or unbelief and a conversation about what 's true and important in life or not .
on mars the female babies are nursed by robots while the male babies are dumped in the junkyard under the command of supervisor . they research earth and finds that the boy milo is raised by his mom with love and discipline . the martians come to earth and abduct mom to use her brain to instruct the robots about how to raise children . however milo sneaks into the spaceship and comes to mars . he meets gribble a young man that behaves like a child and together with the hippie martian ki and gribble 's friend wingnut they try to rescue mom and bring her back to earth . but supervisor will give her best efforts to stop milo and his friends .
rabbit is tired of tigger always bouncing him so he gets pooh and piglet together to come up with an idea to get the bounce out of tigger . rabbit suggests they take him into the middle of nowhere and leave him overnight . the idea backfires and rabbit piglet and pooh find themselves lost but pooh 's tummy guides them home . then tigger and roo go out for a bounce and get caught in a tree which tigger is too afraid to get out of and rabbit makes tigger promise that if they help get tigger down that tigger can never bounce again . so tigger is rescued and feels sad that he can no longer bounce but everyone including rabbit agrees they liked the old bouncy tigger better .
in before the visit of the pope to rio de janeiro captain nascimento from bope (special police operation battalion ) is assigned to eliminate the risks of the drug dealers in a dangerous slum nearby where the pope intends to be lodged . captain nascimento is trying to find a man to replace him because his wife is pregnant and he intends to quit the command and become a trainer of the new recruits . meanwhile the two idealistic friends neto and matias join the military police force expecting to become honest policemen and fight the criminals . however they see only corruption lack of competence and stupid bureaucracy in the military police and after a serious incident in the morro da babilnia they decide to join the bope . the lives of capitain nascimento neto and matias are entwined along the next months first in the tough training period and then in action against drug dealers . nascimento believes that neto could be his substitute but his impulsive attitudes jeopardizes his choice . later the intelligent matias seems to be the correct choice but he needs to prove that he has heart .
on a weekend trip to hawaii a plastic surgeon convinces his loyal assistant to pose as his soon -to-be-divorced wife in order to cover up a careless lie he told to his much -younger girlfriend .
in a group of scientists discovered a cave in southern france perfectly preserved for over years and containing the earliest known human paintings . knowing the cultural significance that the chauvet cave holds the french government immediately cut -off all access to it save a few archaeologists and paleontologists . but documentary filmmaker werner herzog has been given limited access and now we get to go inside examining beautiful artwork created by our ancient ancestors around years ago . he asks questions to various historians and scientists about what these humans would have been like and trying to build a bridge from the past to the present .
valerie (seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men . she is in love with a brooding outsider peter (fernandez) but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy henry (irons). unwilling to lose each other valerie and peter are planning to run away together when they learn that valerie 's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village . for years the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast offering the creature a monthly animal sacrifice . but under a blood red moon the wolf has upped the stakes by taking a human life . hungry for revenge the people call on famed werewolf hunter father solomon (oldman) to help them kill the wolf . but solomon 's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf who takes human form by day could be any one of them . as the death toll rises with each moon valerie begins to suspect that the werewolf could be someone she loves . as panic grips the town valerie discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast --one that inexorably draws them together making her both suspect ...and bait .
fbi agent malcolm turner and his son trent go undercover at an all -girls performing arts school after trent witnesses a murder . posing as big momma and charmaine they must find the murderer before he finds them .
frank darrbo is a hapless fry cook . when his wife sarah falls off the wagon and dumps him for jacques a drug dealer frank tries to get her back by reporting her kidnapped grabbing her from jacques ' car and wailing for her to return . after watching christian tv and having a vision he becomes a superhero to fight evil . he sews a costume finds a weapon (a pipe wrench ) and looks for crimes to stop . he has problems : his wrench inflicts real injury so the cops want him for being a vigilante his sense of boundaries is flawed and jacques ' gang has guns . libby a clerk at a comic book store becomes his sidekick and it 's time to go save sarah . what chance do they have ?
colter stevens a us army helicopter pilot whose last memory is flying in afghanistan wakes up on a commuter train . however he discovers that he has assumed the identity of another man . minutes later the train explodes and stevens finds himself in some kind of pod . he then talks to someone named goodwin who tells him he has to go back and find out who the bomber is . he is sent back to go through the whole thing again and attempts to find who the bomber is but fails . the bomb goes off and stevens finds himself in the pod again . he is sent back another time yet still cannot find out anything . when he returns he asks what is going on . goodwin and rutledge the scientist in charge tell him that he is part of a project that can put someone in another person 's consciousness during the last minutes of their life . stevens then asks why he cannot just stop the bomb . he is told that he is not going back in time but placed in the moment so he can find out who the bomber is and if there are any other targets . on the side stevens finds himself falling for the woman traveling with him while he is still in the other man 's consciousness .
a mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he 's hiding a terrible secret .
a young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather . retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy she envisions a plan which will help her escape from the mental facility .
john james is a writer ; his wife has left him . he moves with his middle -school aged daughter and young son to an isolated house off a dirt road in south carolina . the property has an indian burial mound which fascinates his daughter louisa who 's entering puberty . strange things : noises on the roof and in the woods the cat missing luisa sleepwalking clutching a straw doll no one 's seen before . she visits the mound often staying late coming home covered with mud . john 's younger son sam is frightened . john learns the house has a history and seeks out the previous owner . louisa 's behavior becomes more bizarre . is there an explanation ? an ant farm and a missing babysitter provide clues .
a young korean -american girl abducted and forced into prostitution by domestic human traffickers joins forces with her captors in a desperate plea to survive .
the adventures of burn -e a robot on the same ship as wall -e and eve . burn -e's main job is fixing damaged machinery . he pretty much spends his entire day welding (hence his name ). his daily routine is severely disrupted due to wall -e and eve 's romance as this causes all sorts of mishaps with the spaceship . not only are his work and routine disrupted but one such mishap results in him being locked out of the spaceship . from there all manner of adventures ensue .
the story of the monumental life and tragic death of legendary brazilian motor -racing champion ayrton senna . spanning the decade from his arrival in formula one in the mid 's the film follows senna 's struggles both on track against his nemesis french world champion alain prost and off it against the politics which infest the sport . sublime spiritual yet on occasion ruthless - senna conquers and transcends formula one to become a global superstar . privately he is humble almost shy and fiercely patriotic donating millions to his native brasil and contemplating a life beyond motor -racing. yet he is struck down in his prime on the blackest weekend in the history of the sport watched live on television by million people . years on he is revered in formula one as the greatest motor racing driver of all time - and in brasil as a saint .
a gripping story of a family in search of help for their son dalton who fell into a coma after a mysterious incident in the attic . little do they know that there is much more to this endless sleep than meets the eye as they explore the paranormal and rediscover the past ; the key to getting their son back once and for all .
a vigilante homeless man pulls into a new city and finds himself trapped in urban chaos a city where crime rules and where the city 's crime boss reigns . seeing an urban landscape filled with armed robbers corrupt cops abused prostitutes and even a pedophile santa the hobo goes about bringing justice to the city the best way he knows how - with a -gauge shotgun . mayhem ensues when he tries to make things better for the future generation . street justice will indeed prevail .
a struggling lawyer and volunteer wrestling coach 's chicanery comes back to haunt him when the teenage grandson of the client he has double -crossed comes into his life .
it 's and michael jackson is king -even in waihau bay new zealand . here we meet boy an -year-old who lives on a farm with his gran a goat and his younger brother rocky (who thinks he has magic powers ). shortly after gran leaves for a week boy 's father alamein appears out of the blue . having imagined a heroic version of his father during his absence boy comes face to face with the real version -an incompetent hoodlum who has returned to find a bag of money he buried years before . this is where the goat enters .
the adventures of a teenager who is fresh out and in elementary where he has to learn the consequences and responsibility to survive the year .
released from prison for a crime he didn 't commit an ex -con targets the same bank he was sent away for robbing .
blending state -of-the-art animation with live action hop tells the comic tale of fred an out -of-work slacker who accidentally injures the easter bunny and must take him in as he recovers . as fred struggles with the world 's worst house guest both will learn what it takes to finally grow up .
in the peace of feudal japan is threatened by cruel lord naritsugu matsudaira who is politically rising and getting closer to his half -brother the shogun . after the harakiri of the namiya clan leader samurai shinzaemon shimada is summoned by the shogun 's advisor sir doi of the akashi clan to listen to the tragedy of makino uneme whose son and daughter -in-law have been murdered by naritsugu . then sir doi shows a woman with arms legs and tongue severed by naritsugu and she writes with her forearm a request to shinza to slaughter naritsugu and his samurai . shinza promises to kill naritsugu and he gathers eleven other samurais and plots a plan to attack naritsugu in his trip back to the akashi land . but the cunning samurai hanbei kitou that is responsible for the security of his master foresees shinza 's intent . shinza decides to go with his samurai through the mountain where they find the hunter koyata that guides them off the mountain and joins the group . now the thirteen men prepare an ambush to naritsugu and his army of two hundred samurai in a suicide mission to stop evil .
hanna (ronan) is a teenage girl . uniquely she has the strength the stamina and the skills of a soldier ; these come from being raised by her father (bana) an ex -cia man in the wilds of finland . living a life unlike any other teenager her upbringing and training have been one and the same all geared to making her the perfect assassin . the turning point in her adolescence is a sharp one ; sent into the world by her father on a mission hanna journeys stealthily across europe while eluding agents dispatched after her by a ruthless intelligence operative with secrets of her own (blanchett). as she nears her ultimate target hanna faces startling revelations about her existence and unexpected questions about her humanity .
lester and carolyn burnham are on the outside a perfect husband and wife in a perfect house in a perfect neighborhood . but inside lester is slipping deeper and deeper into a hopeless depression . he finally snaps when he becomes infatuated with one of his daughter 's friends . meanwhile his daughter jane is developing a happy friendship with a shy boy -next-door named ricky who lives with an abusive father .
arthur is a rich alcoholic playboy with no regards to his working life . after another drunken run -in with the law his aloof mother has had enough and forces him to marry susan a proper business woman or else he will lose his inheritance . just as he 's engaged to susan he meets naomi a free -spirited girl who arthur thinks is perfect for him . any attempts at holding down a job are fruitless so arthur has to decide what is more important : love or his mother 's money .
in rio de janeiro baby macaw blu is captured by dealers and smuggled to the usa . while driving through moose lake minnesota the truck that is transporting blu accidentally drops blu 's box on the road . a girl linda finds the bird and raises him with love . fifteen years later blu is a domesticated and intelligent bird that does not fly and lives a comfortable life with bookshop owner linda . out of the blue clumsy brazilian ornithologist tulio visits linda and explains that blu is the last male of his species and he has a female called jewel in rio de janeiro . he invites linda to bring blu to rio so that he and jewel can save their species . linda travels with blu and tulio to rio de janeiro and they leave blu and jewel in a large cage in the institute where tulio works . while they are having dinner smugglers break into the institute and steal blu and jewel to sell them . linda and tulio look everywhere for blu who is chained to jewel and hidden in a slum . meanwhile jewel and blu escape from their captors and befriend a group of birds that help them to get rid of the chains . it is carnival and the smugglers and mean cockatoo nigel do not intend to give up blu and jewel and chase the birds through the crowded streets .
on the night of her wedding justine is struggling to be happy even though it should be the happiest day of her life . it was an extravagant wedding paid for by her sister and brother -in-law who are trying to keep the bride and all the guests in line . meanwhile melancholia a blue planet is hurtling towards the earth . claire justine 's sister is struggling to maintain composure with fear of the impending disaster .
the warrior thor (hemsworth) is cast out of the fantastic realm of asgard by his father odin (hopkins) for his arrogance and sent to earth to live among humans . falling in love with scientist jane foster (portman) teaches thor much -needed lessons and his new -found strength comes into play as a villain from his homeland sends dark forces toward earth .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
mildred pierce dotes on her daughters while husband bert looks to maggie binderhof for affection . they separate leaving mildred to raise the girls on her own . elder daughter veda goads her mother about their lack of money and in response mildred proposes opening a small restaurant . realtor wally fay advises her while making numerous rebuffed passes and introduces her to monte baragon whose property becomes the first of a chain of restaurants . mildred has an affair with monte . meanwhile money -hungry veda pretends to be pregnant by wealthy ted forrester in order to bilk his family of mildred tears up the check is slapped by veda and orders her daughter to leave . after time away mildred returns to find veda singing in a cheap club . veda will return only if mildred promises her desired (monte's) lifestyle so mildred agrees to marry monte in exchange for a third of her businesses . it soon becomes clear that something is going on between veda and monte . mildred learns of this only after monte has sold out his third of the her business leaving her bankrupt . she goes to monte 's beach house to kill him ... shots ring out but what really happened ?
'voice from the list ' presents the indelible true story of the enigmatic oskar schindler a member of the nazi party womanizer and war profiteer who risked his own reputation and even his own life to save the lives of more than jews during the holocaust . "voices from the list " is told exclusively from the testimony of survivors who owe their lives to oskar schindler and his list of "necessary workers ." it is the perfect compliment to "schindler's list " because it introduces us to many of the actual people who survived the holocaust thanks to oskar schindler . 'voices from the list ' was produced in association with the shoah foundation .
set in the a former veterinary student takes a job in a traveling circus and falls in love with the ringmaster 's wife .
a nature documentary centered on two cat families and how they teach their cubs the ways of the wild .
dominic toretto and his crew of street racers plan a massive heist to buy their freedom while in the sights of a powerful brazilian drug lord and a dangerous federal agent .
angel is a selfish abusive morally bankrupt man who hangs out as his local bar berating the other patrons . one day angel mysteriously wakes up with a pair of wings on his back . the ...
twins journey to the middle east to discover their family history and fulfill their mother 's last wishes .
friendships are tested and secrets come to the surface when terminally single rachel falls for dex her best friend darcy 's fianc .
competition between the maid of honor and a bridesmaid over who is the bride 's best friend threatens to upend the life of an out -of-work pastry chef .
priest a post -apocalyptic sci -fi thriller is set in an alternate world -- one ravaged by centuries of war between man and vampires . the story revolves around a legendary warrior priest from the last vampire war who now lives in obscurity among the other downtrodden human inhabitants in walled -in dystopian cities ruled by the church . when his niece is abducted by a murderous pack of vampires priest breaks his sacred vows to venture out on a quest to find her before they turn her into one of them . he is joined on his crusade by his niece 's boyfriend a trigger -fingered young wasteland sheriff and a former warrior priestess who possesses otherworldly fighting skills .
walter black ('mel gibson ') is depressed and sleeps most of the day . it 's driving his family crazy and his wife meredith (jodie foster ) kicks him out . walter starts carrying a beaver puppet and tries to commit suicide (unsuccessfully). he uses the puppet to talk to himself trying to bolster his spirits and is trying to rebuild his life . through the beaver the family begins to learn about walter 's history and problems and as he continues rebuilding the beaver shows us all a way to cope .
shipwreck survivors are found on beiru island (infanto t ) which was previously used for atomic tests . the interior is amazingly free of radiation effects and they believe that they were protected by a special juice that was given to them by the island 's residents . a joint expedition of rolisican and japanese scientists explores beiru and discovers many curious things including two women only one foot centimeters ) high . unscrupulous expedition leader clark nelson abducts the women and puts them in a vaudeville show . but their sweet singing contains a telepathic cry for help to mothra a gigantic moth that is worshiped as a deity by the island people . the giant monster heeds the call of the women and heads to tokyo wreaking destruction in its path .
i don 't know but keira knightley is a narrator and she is awesome .
gil and inez travel to paris as a tag -along vacation on her parents ' business trip . gil is a successful hollywood writer but is struggling on his first novel . he falls in love with the city and thinks they should move there after they get married but inez does not share his romantic notions of the city or the idea that the was the golden age . when inez goes off dancing with her friends gil takes a walk at midnight and discovers what could be the ultimate source of inspiration for writing . gil 's daily walks at midnight in paris could take him closer to the heart of the city but further from the woman he 's about to marry .
abandoned by his father a young boy is left in a state -run youth farm . in a random act of kindness the town hair -dresser agrees to foster him on week -ends.
a quiet pawnshop keeper with a violent past takes on a drug -and-organ trafficking ring in hope of saving the child who is his only friend .
a young man searches for a mythical tree of magical powers that can save his dying father . but when he arrives the keeper of the tree demands an horrific sacrifice .
two years after the bachelor party in las vegas phil stu alan and doug jet to thailand for stu 's wedding . stu 's plan for a subdued pre -wedding brunch however goes seriously awry .
female aliens take control of earth 's monsters and begin using them to destroy the human race .
attack the block follows an unlucky young woman and and a gang of tough inner -city kids who make an unlikely alliance to try to defend their turf against an invasion of savage alien creatures turning a south london apartment complex into a war -zone.
days a man 's desperate struggle to survive jung -su an ordinary car dealer is his way home with a birthday cake for his daughter . as he drives into a tunnel an unbelievable thing happens ; the tunnel collapses on him . minutes later he realizes that he is completely caught in between the debris . outside this breaking news creates media frenzy and a thoughtless reporter even airs a live phone interview with jung -su using up his mobile phone batteries . an emergency response team is immediately organized to rescue him and tries to keep the media under control . as it becomes a national concern the government promises full support for the rescue . while jung -su struggles to survive a series of ridiculous blunders delays the rescue operation and threatens his chances to make it out alive . soon he runs out of food water and phone batteries making him totally incommunicado . days pass without any success and people start to lose hope or interest in rescuing him . having already passed the longest survival record for a disaster hard decisions are forced on his family while no one knows whether jung -su is dead or alive .
po and his friends fight to stop a peacock villain from conquering china with a deadly new weapon but first the dragon warrior must come to terms with his past .
in a world where both mutants and humans fear each other marie better known as rogue runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant known as logan a .k.a. wolverine . charles xavier who owns a school for young mutants sends storm and cyclops to bring them back before it is too late . magneto who believes a war is approaching has an evil plan in mind and needs young rogue to help him .
precocious oliver struggles with being popular in school but when a dark -haired beauty takes interest in him he 's determined to become the best boyfriend in the world . meanwhile his parents ' already rocky relationship is threatened when his mother 's ex -boyfriend moves in next door . oliver makes some unorthodox plans to ensure that his parents stay together and that jordana still likes him .
after nick is fired from his sales job mostly because of his penchant for alcohol he comes home and finds that his wife has kicked him and all of his stuff out of the house and onto the front lawn . he is pretty intent on just sitting in his chair drinking beer on the lawn . his cop friend frank garcia thinks he should at least pretend to have a yard sale to make it legal . he slowly starts making friends with a neighborhood kid who needs something to do and a pregnant wife who has just moved in across the street and nick finds himself moving on and selling all his stuff .
it 's . thirty -eight-year-old graphic artist oliver fields has just lost his father hal fields to cancer after oliver 's mother georgia fields passed away five years earlier . oliver is naturally a sullen man due to his growing up relationships with his parents (his mother who had a unique view on life ) and watching his parents ' cordial but somewhat distant relationship with each other but is more so now because of his personal family losses . oliver embarks on a relationship with anna a french actress hoping that his re -energized relationship with hal following georgia 's death and hal 's new outlook on life during that time will show oliver how to act in a loving relationship . after georgia 's death hal came out of the closet and began to live with a joie de vivre that did not exist before which included an open relationship with a much younger man named andy . oliver 's relationship with anna has other obstacles including anna 's own vagabond lifestyle and oliver needing to take care of who was originally hal 's very needy jack russell terrier arthur .
in the summer of a group of friends in a small ohio town witness a catastrophic train crash while making a super movie and soon suspect that it was not an accident . shortly after unusual disappearances and inexplicable events begin to take place in town and the local deputy tries to uncover the truth - something more terrifying than any of them could have imagined .
wealthy edward morgan becomes charmed with a curly -haired orphan and her pretty older sister mary and arranges to adopt both under the alias of "mr. jones ." as he spends more time with them he soon finds himself falling in love with mary .
in a mysterious universe an elite defense force of peace and justice have existed for centuries . cocky test pilot hal jordan acquires superhuman powers when he is chosen by "the ring " the willpower -fed source of power of the green lantern corps . reluctantly at first he takes on the challenges these other superheroes face . putting his self -doubts aside and spurred on by his sense of duty and love for his beautiful intellectually equal colleague carol ferris he is soon called to defend mankind from parallax a powerful evil being who feeds on fear . he is the universe 's last chance as many green lanterns have been killed and the corps is weakened . and he might just be the right green lantern for the job of keeping the world safe from harm . based on the characters of dc comics series "green lantern ".
life for porn actress elektra luxx gets turned upside down when she finds out she 's pregnant .
the life of a businessman begins to change after he inherits six penguins and as he transforms his apartment into a winter wonderland his professional side starts to unravel .
when her wealthy fianc breaks it off gold digger elizabeth halsey returns to middle school : she 's an awful teacher but wants to save for breast -implant surgery . she brightens when scott a new teacher turns out to be rich and she stops showing films and sleeping in class when told there 's a bonus for the teacher whose class scores highest on the state exam . her competition for scott and the bonus is cheery and tightly wound amy . amy digs for dirt on elizabeth who cheats her way toward scott 's bed and the money . honesty with students seems to be her only skill . she ignores russell a droll gym teacher who looks on . will she succeed with scott and get those new breasts ?
a long time ago far away on the planet of cybertron a war is being waged between the noble autobots (led by the wise optimus prime ) and the devious decepticons (commanded by the dreaded megatron ) for control over the allspark a mystical talisman that would grant unlimited power to whoever possesses it . the autobots managed to smuggle the allspark off the planet but megatron blasts off in search of it . he eventually tracks it to the planet of earth (circa ) but his reckless desire for power sends him right into the arctic ocean and the sheer cold forces him into a paralyzed state . his body is later found by captain archibald witwicky but before going into a comatose state megatron uses the last of his energy to engrave into the captain 's glasses a map showing the location of the allspark and to send a transmission to cybertron . megatron is then carried away aboard the captain 's ship . a century later captain witwicky 's grandson sam witwicky (nicknamed spike by his friends ) buys his first car . to his shock he discovers it to be bumblebee an autobot in disguise who is to protect spike who possesses the captain 's glasses and the map engraved on them . but bumblebee is not the only transformer to have arrived on earth - in the desert of qatar the decepticons blackout and scorponok attack a u .s. military base causing the pentagon to send their special sector seven agents to capture all "specimens of this alien race ." spike and his girlfriend mikaela find themselves in the midst of a grand battle between the autobots and the decepticons stretching from hoover dam all the way to los angeles . meanwhile deep inside hoover dam the cryogenically stored body of megatron awakens .
until he was downsized affable amiable larry crowne (hanks) was a superstar team leader at the big -box company where he 's worked since his time in the navy . underwater on his mortgage and unclear on what to do with his suddenly free days larry heads to his local college to start over . there he becomes part of a colorful community of outcasts also -rans and the overlooked all trying to find a better future for themselves ...often moving around town in a herd of scooters . in his public -speaking class larry develops an unexpected crush on his teacher mercedes tainot (roberts) who has lost as much passion for teaching as she has for her husband . the simple guy who has every reason to think his life has stalled will come to learn an unexpected lesson : when you think everything worth having has passed you by you just might discover your reason to live .
throughout history tales of chivalry have burnished the legends of brave handsome knights who rescue fair damsels slay dragons and conquer evil . but behind many a hero is a good -for-nothing younger brother trying just to stay out of the way of those dragons evil and trouble in general . as two princes on a daring mission to save their land they must rescue the heir apparent 's fiance before their kingdom is destroyed . thadeous (mcbride) has spent his life watching his perfect older brother fabious (franco) embark upon valiant journeys and win the hearts of his people . tired of being passed over for adventure adoration and the throne he 's settled for a life of wizard 's weed hard booze and easy maidens . but when fabious ' bride -to-be belladonna (zooey deschanel ) gets kidnapped by the evil wizard leezar (justin theroux ) the king gives his deadbeat son an ultimatum : man up and help rescue her or get cut off . half -assedly embarking upon his first quest thadeous joins fabious to trek across the perilous outlands and free the princess . joined by isabel (natalie portman )-an elusive warrior with a dangerous agenda of her own -the brothers must vanquish horrific creatures and traitorous knights before they can reach belladonna . if thadeous can find his inner hero he can help his brother prevent the destruction of his land . stay a slacker and not only does he die a coward he gets front row seats to the dawn of an all -new dark ages .
two sisters from hungary become famous entertainers in the early . fictionalized biography with lots of songs .
chronicles the financial meltdown of and centers on treasury secretary henry paulson .
a seasoned team of bank robbers including gordon jennings (idris elba ) john rahway (paul walker ) a .j. (hayden christensen ) and brothers jake (michael ealy ) and jesse (chris brown ) attica successfully complete their latest heist and lead a life of luxury while planning their next job . when ghost (tip t .i. harris ) a former member of their team is released from prison he convinces the group to strike an armored car carrying million . as the "takers" carefully plot their strategy and draw nearer to exacting the grand heist a reckless police officer (matt dillon ) inches closer to apprehending the criminals .
nick hates his boss mostly because he 's expected to work from before sunrise to after sunset and his boss mr . harken calls him out for being a minute late and blackmails him so he can 't quit . dale hates his boss dr . julia harris because she makes unwelcome sexual advances when he 's about to get married . but dale is on that pesky list of child offenders so he can 't quit . kurt actually likes his job and his boss well up until his boss dies and the boss 's coked -out psychopathic son takes over . but who would be crazy enough to quit their jobs in such poor economic times ? instead nick dale and kurt drunkenly and hypothetically discuss how to kill their bosses and before they know it they 've hired a murder consultant to help them pull off the three deeds .
star race car lightning mcqueen and his pal mater head overseas to compete in the world grand prix race . but the road to the championship becomes rocky as mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own : international espionage .
biographical film of the life of french sculptor henri gaudier -brzeska.
a day in the life of a young woman struggling to face up to reality .
michael westen a seasoned u .s. spy is suddenly "burned" i .e. discredited without any form of procedure . he survives by doing impossible jobs for desperate people in miami where his mother lives . michael is usually aided by his ex -girlfriend fiona and trusted former fbi informer sam .
harry mention an enigmatic drifter from the south comes to visit an old acquaintance named gideon who now lives in south -central los angeles . harry 's charming down -home manner hides a malicious penchant for stirring up trouble and he exerts a strange and powerful eff ...
both trifles and structure are tossed out the door by director ken russell in this film . here historical content matters not so much as metaphors feelings emotions and interpretations and pay close attention as every word and frame is intended to be important . the film takes place on a single train ride in which the sickly composer gustav mahler and his wife alma confront the reasons behind their faltered marriage and dying love . each word seems to evoke memories of past and so the audience witnesses events of mahler 's life that explain somewhat his present state . included are his turbulent and dysfunctional family life as a child his discovery of solace in the "natural" world his brother 's suicide his [unwanted] conversion from judiasm to catholicism his rocky marriage and the death of their young child . the movie weaves in and out of dreams flashbacks thoughts and reality as russell poetically describes the man behind the music .
an on the run con ' looks for temporary ; cover refuge & lite medical attention finds it at the house of a very colorful character who refuses to allow the con man to take advantage of him or hurt him in any way ! now lets party !
harry ron and hermione continue their quest of finding and destroying the dark lord 's three remaining horcruxes the magical items responsible for his immortality . but as the mystical deathly hallows are uncovered and voldemort finds out about their mission the biggest battle begins and life as they know it will never be the same again .
a mysterious man who has multiple jobs as a garage mechanic a hollywood stuntman and a getaway driver seems to be trying to escape his shady past as he falls for his neighbor - whose husband is in prison and who 's looking after her child alone . meanwhile his garage mechanic boss is trying to set up a race team using gangland money which implicates our driver as he is to be used as the race team 's main driver . our hero gets more than he bargained for when he meets the man who is married to the woman he loves .
during world war ii a brave patriotic american soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier "captain america ." racing to germany to sabotage the rockets of nazi baddie "red skull " captain america winds up frozen until the . he reawakens to find that the red skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the president of the united states .
benjamin is a year old paralyzed on one side of his body with lousy grades in math who switches to a boarding school to reach grammar school . acclimatization to the new environment is difficult in the first place and he has to struggle with the various problems of coming of age when he falls in love to the school 's dream girl malen .
emma and dexter meet on the night of their university graduation . we see them every year on the anniversary of that date - july . emma is smart but success doesn 't come quickly for her whereas for dexter success and women come very easily . through the years they grow apart as their lives take different directions and they meet other people . but as they grow apart from those other people and their lives start taking opposite directions again emma and dexter find that they belong with each other .
an unorthodox irish policeman with a confrontational personality is partnered with an up -tight f .b.i. agent to investigate an international drug -smuggling ring .
during an ordinary day in hundred acre wood winnie the pooh sets out to find some honey . misinterpreting a note from christopher robin owl convinces tigger rabbit piglet pooh kanga roo and eeyore that their young friend has been captured by a creature named "backsoon" and they set out to save him .
because of his extreme wealth and suave good looks edward lewis could seemingly have any woman he wants that committed significant other which he needs on his arm at social events to further how he makes his money as a corporate raider . however he focuses more on his corporate raiding pursuits with his partner in crime philip stuckey his lawyer of ten years than those women with every significant other he 's had in his life feeling neglected and eventually leaving him this fact about which he is just coming to the realization . in beverly hills edward in needing that woman on his arms as he and philip work toward taking over the company owned by the increasingly insolvent james morse decides based on a chance encounter to hire hollywood boulevard hooker vivian ward as his escort for the week he does so because he wants to have a professional who would be committed to the work yet not have any commitments to her after the week is over . beyond their chance encounter he also makes this decision because she surprises him about unhookerish she is in certain respects . vivian relatively new to los angeles and the business still has to look and act the part with edward beyond giving her money leaving her largely to her own devices to do so . so she gets a somewhat unlikely henry higgins in barney thompson the manager of the beverly wilshire hotel where edward is staying . barney has to draw that fine line of keeping the hotel 's upscale clients happy while maintaining the posh decorum of the upper class which does not include people coming into the hotel looking for rooms with hourly rates . as barney and his associates are able to transform vivian into a cinderella the questions become whether vivian can go back to her hollywood boulevard life and whether she does have her prince charming beyond this week in the form of edward or anyone else who truly does see her as cinderella as opposed to a hollywood boulevard streetwalker .
mike has a surprise for his pal sullivan : mike 's gotten a new car one with six -wheel drive . he invites sullivan to hop in and they 'll go for a spin . at that point problems arise : first sullivan 's cramped then mike has a seat belt problem gets locked out and suffers indignities before sullivan figures out how to unlock the car to let him back in . all sorts of gadgets misfire until finally mike has the car in gear ready to roll . what was it again that was wrong with his old car ?
when the evil wizard gargamel chases the tiny blue smurfs out of their village they tumble from their magical world into new york city .
jamie rellis (mila kunis ) is a new york city head -hunter trying to sign los angeles -based art director dylan harper (justin timberlake ) for her client . when he takes the job and makes the move they quickly become friends . their friendship turns into a friendship with benefits but with jamie 's emotionally damaged past and dylan 's history of being emotionally unavailable they have to try to not fall for each other the way hollywood romantic comedies dictate .
ned lived a happy life growing organic vegetables on a farm with his hippie girlfriend and his dog named willie nelson but an unadvised incident with marijuana at a farmer 's market lands him in jail . when he gets out of jail he is off to live with his sisters . while ned is still happy his sisters are much less so after his honest but unworldly manner contributes to revelations which manage to expose infidelity in one marriage potentially illegal actions in one job opportunity dishonesty in one budding relationship and morally unpleasant behaviour in one domestic partnership . he sees those problems as breakdowns in communication but his sisters see him as an idiot . the truth the audience witness is that ultimately ned is a catalyst for good around him without consciously setting out to do so . the denouement of the film sees balance restored with a positive outcome for all in the family .
a documentary on the late elia kazan .
at the story 's heart is caesar (andy serkis ) a chimpanzee who gains human -like intelligence and emotions from an experimental drug . raised like a child by the drug 's creator will rodman (james franco ) and a primatologist caroline aranha (freida pinto ) caesar ultimately finds himself taken from the humans he loves and imprisoned in an ape sanctuary in san bruno . seeking justice for his fellow inmates caesar gives the fellow apes the same drug that he inherited . he then assembles a simian army and escapes the sanctuary - putting man and ape on a collision course that could change the planet forever .
dave is a married man with three kids and a loving wife and mitch is a single man who is at the prime of his sexual life . one fateful night while mitch and dave are peeing in a fountain lightning strikes and they switch bodies .
help is a supernatural horror thriller which draws upon the story of a malevolent spirit that refuses to leave the human world and is out to exact retribution for past crimes committed against it . protagonist vic (bobby deol ) is a successful horror film director in bollywood and is married to pia (mugdha godse ). pia and vic are going through a difficult time in their marriage and in the midst of these troubled times they have to suddenly rush to mauritius to take care of pia 's ailing father . on landing in mauritius and going back to pia 's old family home pia is confronted by her distant past which she has not had to face since she left mauritius as a young year old . little do they know that there 's something in this house . something ancient and dark that remains hidden and silent . it can only wait having been concealed in the shadows for years poised to strike again . when pia finds out that she is pregnant this darkly vicious spirit possesses pia and starts to brutally kill the people close to her . as the darkness spreads things start to get worse and the spirit tries to annihilate everything and everyone that comes in its way . now vic must race against time to save his pregnant wife who seems to be possessed by the spirit of her twin sister dia who died when they were both years old . with the help of a renowned parapsychologist dr . aditya motwani vic has only hours to discover the dark and terrifying truth behind pia 's family history of murderous madness and break the curse that has been put on them by a third mysterious other . will vic 's love gather the strength to survive the paranormal with aditya on his side or will they witness the most horrifying truth of their lives .
the not so smart dwayne intends to open a massage parlor with his partner travis but he does not have money for the investment . he decides to hire a hit -man to kill his father the major who won a large amount of money in the lottery years ago but the killer demands us $ for the job . dwayne and travis kidnap the pizza delivery boy nick and they dress nick in a vest with a timer and several bombs . then dwayne tells nick that he has ten hours to rob us $ from a bank . once he does he would give nick the code to release the vest . nick summons his best friend chet to help him in the heist but the scheme does not work the way dwayne has plotted .
after trying to rescue a man on the subway tracks two teens wake up in a room dominated by a mysterious black sphere that sends them to hunt down and kill aliens hiding on earth .
in this latest installment to the horror franchise sam and his friends manages to escape a ill -fated bridge thanks to a premonition sam obtained . however when of his friends died in a mysterious way sam must use his memories from the premonition to save his friends before death hunts him down .
on a visit to london year -old american melinda greyton goes to her first party a regimental ball . there she meets and falls madly in love with major michael curragh a handsome ...
six years have elapsed since guantanemo bay leaving harold and kumar estranged from one another with very different families friends and lives . but when kumar arrives on harold 's doorstep during the holiday season with a mysterious package in hand he inadvertently burns down harold 's father -in-law's beloved christmas tree . to fix the problem harold and kumar embark on a mission through new york city to find the perfect christmas tree once again stumbling into trouble at every single turn .
in argentina over people die in traffic accidents every year . behind each of these tragedies is a flourishing industry founded on insurance payouts and legal loopholes . sosa is a ...
a remake of the original teenager charley brewster (yelchin) guesses that his new neighbor jerry dandrige (farrell) is a vampire responsible for a string of recent deaths . when no one he knows believes him he enlists peter vincent (tennant) a self proclaimed vampire killer and las vegas magician to help him take down jerry .
spoiler : seventeen year -old rhoda williams receives an acceptance letter from mit and she celebrates with her friends . on the same night a planet similar and close to earth is discovered and called earth . rhoda drives her car looking at earth and crashes with composer john burroughs killing his pregnant wife and his baby son . rhoda goes to prison and four years later she is released and moves to her parents ' house . she finds a job as high -school janitor but tries to commit suicide . she survives however and submits an essay to a contest where the prize is a ticket to travel to earth . meanwhile the scientists discover that earth is a mirror of earth and the synchronicity between the dwellers was interrupted when the planets were seen by each other . one day rhoda decides to visit john burroughs whose life was destroyed after the death of his family to admit to him that she had killed his family . however she does not have the nerve to tell him the truth . so she lies and tells him he has won a free cleaning service of his home . rhoda wins the writing contest but meanwhile john and she have fallen in love with each other . rhoda has to take a decision whether she goes or stays but she wants to tell john the truth first .
definitely not to be confused with any of sylvester stallone 's efforts this is a wicked satire on 'rocky iv ' in which rocky takes on the monolithic russian fighter igor - and loses . ...
a young boy has lost his mother and is losing touch with his father and the world around him . then he meets hesher who manages to make his life even more chaotic .
martin was a normal teenage boy before the country collapsed in an empty pit of economic and political disaster . a vampire epidemic has swept across what is left of the nation 's abandoned ...
three contestants (who stated their real -life debt ) competed for their debts to be paid .
a young woman after witnessing her parents ' murder as a child in bogota grows up to be a stone -cold assassin .
chronicles a man who is obsessively interested in only one thingthe pictures he takes that document the way people dress . the -year-old new york times photographer has two columns in the paper 's style section yet nobody knows who he is .
the field of economics can study more than the workings of economies or businesses it can also help explore human behavior in how it reacts to incentives . economist steven d . levitt and journalist stephen j . dubner host an anthology of documentaries that examines how people react to opportunities to gain wittingly or otherwise . the subjects include the possible role a person 's name has for their success in life why there is so much cheating in an honor bound sport like sumo wrestling what helped reduce crime in the usa in the onward and we follow an school experiment to see if cash prizes can encourage struggling students to improve academically .
in honor of his late wife who died in a flaming car accident scientist dr . robert ledgard is trying to synthesize the perfect skin which can withstand burns cuts or any other kind of damage . as he gets closer to perfecting this skin on his flawless patient the scientific community starts growing skeptical and his past is revealed that shows how his patient is closely linked to tragic events he would like to forget .
prom and high school graduation are approaching for a group of seniors but when the prom decorations are destroyed in an act of school vandalism the class president is left scrambling . with everybody else pre -occupied with finding dates and dresses nova is left to rely on the principal forcing the school rebel to help her out . but when he 's there for her when she needs it she starts looking at him in a different light .
tells the story of a chimpanzee taken from its mother at birth and raised like a human child by a family in a brownstone on the upper west side in the .
ivan is a true number cruncher and 'surfs the waves of the stock market ' like a natural trader . he rakes in big profits for the bank . but all is not well . the new job gives ivan sleepless nights . as ivan rapidly becomes the most successful trader in town he feels increasingly alienated from himself and the world around him . in spite of his unprecedented success ivan has to get out . before it 's too late ...
best friends will mckenzie simon cooper jay cartwright and neil sutherland - who are not among the social outcasts but also not cool enough to hang out with the cool kids who they aspire to be - have just graduated from their suburban london high school . simon has finally been able to get carli d 'amato who he has been in love with since they were children to be his girlfriend . largely because they will be going away to different schools in the fall carli breaks up with him . to get simon 's singularly focused mind off carli his three best mates decide to take him on vacation for two weeks to get some sun sand and girls before they move onto the next chapter of their lives in the fall . neil makes the decision for them to go to malia on the isle of crete a popular summer tourist destination for many a brit . jay with inheritance money in hand believes he can have the pick of any girl he wants . neil has to decide what constitutes not cheating on his girlfriend nicole . will wants to add a bit of culture into the vacation . and simon still pines for carli getting her off his mind being more difficult when he learns why neil chose malia . what starts off as a disastrous vacation has the potential to pick up when they meet fellow brits alison lucy jane and lisa who pair up with will simon jay and neil respectively and with who they hang out of circumstance for much of their time in malia . will the virgin who generally makes alison laugh has no chance with her as she is far out of his league and as she is already in a serious relationship with a greek waiter named nicos . jay is ashamed to be seen with self -assured jane because she is overweight . neil treats lisa like any other female with who he wants to have non -cheating "sex". and simon may not see that lucy really does like him despite his singular focus on carli . all these issues are placed against the backdrop of the guys trying to get tickets for the all -day boat cruise seen as the party of the season and at which all their dreams - at least in their dreams - will come true .
marty mcfly a -year-old high school student is accidentally sent years into the past in a time -traveling delorean invented by his close friend the maverick scientist doc brown .
the interrupters tells the moving and surprising stories of three violence interrupters who try to protect their chicago communities from the violence they once employed . from acclaimed director steve james and bestselling author alex kotlowitz this film is an unusually intimate journey into the stubborn persistence of violence in our cities . shot over the course of a year out of kartemquin films the interrupters captures a period in chicago when it became a national symbol for the violence in our cities . during that period the city was besieged by high -profile incidents most notably the brutal beating of derrion albert a chicago high school student whose death was caught on videotape . the film 's main subjects work for an innovative organization ceasefire which believes that the spread of violence mimics the spread of infectious diseases and so the treatment should be similar : go after the most infected and stop the infection at its source . the singular mission of the "violence interrupters " - who have credibility on the streets because of their own personal histories -- is to intervene in conflicts before they explode into violence . in the interrupters ameena matthews whose father is jeff fort one of the city 's most notorious gang leaders was herself a drug ring enforcer . but having children and finding solace in her muslim faith pulled her off the streets and grounded her . in the wake of derrion albert 's death ameena becomes a close confidante to his mother and helps her through her grieving . ameena who is known among her colleagues for her fearlessness befriends a feisty teenaged girl who reminds her of herself at that age . the film follows that friendship over the course of many months as ameena tries to nudge the troubled girl in the right direction . cobe williams scarred by his father 's murder was in and out of prison until he had had enough . his family - particularly a young son - helped him find his footing . cobe disarms others with his humor and his general good nature . his most challenging moment comes when he has to confront a man so bent on revenge that cobe has to pat him down to make sure he 's put away his gun . like ameena he gets deeply involved in the lives of those he encounters including a teenaged boy just out of prison and a young man from his old neighborhood who 's squatting in a foreclosed home . eddie bocanegra is haunted by a murder he committed when he was seventeen . his ceasefire work is a part of his repentance for what he did . eddie is most deeply disturbed by the aftereffects of the violence on children and so he spends much of his time working with younger kids in an effort to both keep them off the streets and to get support to those who need it - including a -year-old girl whose brother died in her arms . soulful and empathic eddie who learned to paint in prison teaches art to children trying to warn them of the debilitating trauma experienced by those touched by the violence . the interrupters follows ameena cobe and eddie as they go about their work and while doing so reveals their own inspired journeys of hope and redemption . the film attempts to make sense of what ceasefire 's tio hardiman calls simply "the madness ".
the teenager jarod invites his best friends travis and billy -ray to have a foursome with a thirty -eight year -old woman . while driving to meet the woman travis hit a car parked on the road . when they meet the woman she gives spiked beer to them and they pass out . when the three friends wake up they find that they are trapped in the fundamentalist five points trinity church of the infamous pastor abin cooper and that they will be killed . meanwhile the church is under siege by atf agents led by agent joseph keenan that have been ordered to destroy the terrorist cell . will the teenagers be saved by the agents of the law enforcement agency ?
in buenos aires the bitter and methodic roberto is a lonely man and the owner of a hardware store . roberto collects bizarre worldwide news in an album as a hobby and his acquaintance mari has an unrequited love for him but roberto is always evasive . one day roberto sees a chinese named jun being expelled from a taxi while he is watching the landing of airplanes in the airport and he helps the man to stand up . jun does not speak spanish and shows a tattoo with an address on his arm . roberto heads to the spot with jun and discover that the place belonged to jun 's uncle that sold it three and half years ago . roberto goes with jun to the police station to the china 's embassy and to a chinese neighborhood to seek out his uncle but it is a fruitless search . roberto lodges jun in his house and after a series of incidents he finds a delivery boy to translate jun and he learns the dramatic story of his life .
a comedy centered on the life of kate reddy a finance executive who is the breadwinner for her husband and two kids .
chicagoan nick conover received a suspended sentence for being caught joyriding in a stolen car with his driver 's license suspended indefinitely . nicky 's problems are seen as running around with the wrong crowd . nicky 's sentence is predicated on him living at the run down kentucky horse farm of his aunt henrietta and uncle jed bruce who he hasn 't seen since he was a child . the judge figured this more wholesome environment would get nicky away from his bad influences . henrietta wants to be a part of nicky 's salvation but jed doesn 't trust the fact of a delinquent being under his roof although he has other more personal reasons not having to do with nicky for his initially antagonistic relationship with his nephew . nicky doesn 't rebel against farm life but ends up gravitating toward anything mechanical especially the sports car owned by sophisticated fran templeton - the elder daughter of dan templeton who owns the luxurious neighboring horse farm - and by association fran herself . with his infatuation with fran nicky doesn 't see that fran 's younger sister the tomboyish and horse loving liz templeton hangs around him because she is falling for him . it isn 't until a couple of incidents involving jed 's only remaining horse the spirited tugfire occur that nicky begins to see his uncle and liz in a different light . but nicky 's past catching up with him may get in the way of a nicky /liz happy ending .
a weekend at a lake house in the louisiana gulf turns into a nightmare for seven vacationers as they are subjected to shark attacks .
soon after her return from a business trip to hong kong beth emhoff dies from what is a flu or some other type of infection . her young son dies later the same day . her husband mitch however seems immune . thus begins the spread of a deadly infection . for doctors and administrators at the u .s. centers for disease control several days pass before anyone realizes the extent or gravity of this new infection . they must first identify the type of virus in question and then find a means of combating it a process that will likely take several months . as the contagion spreads to millions of people worldwide societal order begins to break down as people panic .
oakland a 's gm billy beane is handicapped with the lowest salary constraint in baseball . if he ever wants to win the world series billy must find a competitive advantage . billy is about to turn baseball on its ear when he uses statistical data to analyze and place value on the players he picks for the team .
when catherine morland is given the opportunity to stay with the childless allen family in bath she is hoping for an adventure of the type she has been reading in novels . soon introduced to society she meets isabella thorpe and her brother john a good friend of her own brother james . she also meets henry tilney a handsome young man from a good family and his sister eleanor . invited to visit the tilney estate northanger abbey she has thoughts of romance but soon learns that status class and money are all equally important when it comes to matters of the heart .
in the bleak days of the cold war espionage veteran george smiley is forced from semi -retirement to uncover a soviet agent within .
a young couple moves their struggling family to a small town where a mysterious neighbor becomes a threat to their very existence .
suffering from hysteria sabina spielrein is hospitalized under the care of dr . carl jung who has begun using dr . sigmund freud 's talking cure with some of his patients . spielrain 's psychological problems are deeply rooted in her childhood and violent father . she is highly intelligent however and hopes to be a doctor eventually becoming a psychiatrist in her own right . the married jung and spielrein eventually become lovers . jung and freud develop an almost father -son relationship with freud seeing the young jung as his likely successor as the standard -bearer of his beliefs . a deep rift develops between them when jung diverges from freud 's belief that while psychoanalysis can reveal the cause of psychological problems it cannot cure the patient .
two brothers face the fight of a lifetime - and the wreckage of their broken family - within the brutal high -stakes world of mixed martial arts (mma) fighting in lionsgate 's action /drama warrior . a former marine haunted by a tragic past tommy riordan returns to his hometown of pittsburgh and enlists his father a recovered alcoholic and his former coach to train him for an mma tournament awarding the biggest purse in the history of the sport . as tommy blazes a violent path towards the title prize his brother brendan a former mma fighter unable to make ends meet as a public school teacher returns to the amateur ring to provide for his family . even though years have passed recriminations and past betrayals keep brendan bitterly estranged from both tommy and his father . but when brendan 's unlikely rise as an underdog sets him on a collision course with tommy the two brothers must finally confront the forces that tore them apart all the while waging the most intense winner -takes-all battle of their lives .
stephen meyers is a young idealist who 's brilliant at communications is second in command of governor mike morris 's presidential campaign and is a true believer . in the middle of the ohio primary the campaign manager of morris 's opponent asks meyers to meet ; he offers him a job . at the same time morris 's negotiations for the endorsement of the man in third place a north carolina senator hit a snag . a young campaign intern molly stearns gets stephen 's romantic attention . republicans have a trick up their sleeve ; stephen may be too trusting and molly has a secret . what 's most important career victory or virtue ?
nearly a year after a botched job a hitman takes a new assignment with the promise of a big payoff for three killings . what starts off as an easy task soon unravels sending the killer into the heart of darkness .
loosely based on a true story killer elite pits two of the worlds ' most elite operatives - danny a ruthless killer -for-hire (jason statham ) and hunter his longtime mentor (robert de niro ) - against the cunning leader of a secret society of former special air service operatives ('clive owen '). covering the globe from australia to paris london and the middle east danny and hunter are plunged into a highly dangerous game of revenge and deception - where things are not always what they appear to be .
adam is a year old writer of radio programs and is diagnosed with a rare form of spinal cancer . with the help of his best friend his mother and a young therapist at the cancer center adam learns what and who the most important things in his life are .
robin a gay writer has his script declined by a television executive whilst school -boy theo stalks his neighbour tim on whom he spies through the window . terry who lives with his grandmother prepares for a night out whilst professionals gavin and will celebrate a civil partnership though faithless will flirts with young waiter alfie giving him his ring . terry picks a man up at a gay club inexplicably giving him a savage beating -up. robin goes cruising in a toilet meeting the closeted julian before going on to a dinner party with married friends . to robin 's surprise julian also turns up having hidden in a cubicle whilst alfie was pursued and attacked by gay bashers . terry finds the severely injured waiter but rather than help him steals will 's ring . the dinner party guests who also number theo 's parents see the ambulance draw up for alfie but julian refuses to tell the police what he saw to robin 's dismay . terry himself is also beaten up and treated in hospital by gavin who is displeased to find he has will 's ring though will claims he had sent it to the jeweller . theo 's parents leave the dinner party early and although they do not catch him having sex with tim theo 's mother natasha is suspicious and warns tim off . consequently tim refuses to acknowledge any more of the boy 's advances . alfie dies in hospital as another young boy danny a talented violinist has his instrument smashed by homophobic tormentors .
reporters clark kent and lois lane arrive in the small town of silsby to witness the drilling of the world 's deepest oil well . the drill however has penetrated the underground home of a race of small furry people who then come to the surface at night to look around . the fact that they glow in the dark scares the townfolk who form a mob led by the vicious luke benson intent on killing the strange people . only superman has a chance to prevent this tragedy .
a silent movie star meets a young dancer but the arrival of talking pictures sends their careers in opposite directions .
plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm or from himself .
four young people navigate the suburban wonderland of metro -detroit looking for love and adventure on the last weekend of summer .
in the near future robot boxing is a top sport . a struggling promoter feels he 's found a champion in a discarded robot .
an examination of the life of acclaimed 'horse whisperer ' buck brannaman who recovered from years of child abuse to become a well -known expert in the interactions between horses and people .
classic tale of teenage rebellion and repression features a delightful combination of dance choreography and realistic and touching performances . when teenager ren mccormack and his family move from big -city chicago to a small midwestern town he 's in for a real case of culture shock . though he tries hard to fit in the streetwise ren can 't quite believe he 's living in a place where rock music and dancing are illegal . however there is one small pleasure : ariel moore a troubled but lovely blonde with a jealous boyfriend . and a bible -thumping minister who is responsible for keeping the town dance -free. ren and his classmates want to do away with this ordinance especially since the senior prom is around the corner but only ren has the courage to initiate a battle to abolish the outmoded ban and revitalize the spirit of the repressed townspeople . fast -paced drama is filled with such now -famous hit songs as the title track and "let's hear it for the boy ".
a us research station antarctica early -winter . the base is suddenly buzzed and attacked by a helicopter from the nearby norwegian research station . they appeared to be trying to kill one of the dogs from the us base . having dealt with the threat the members of the us team fly to the norwegian base only to discover them all dead or missing . they do find the remains of a strange creature the norwegians burned . the americans take it to their base and deduce that it an alien life form . after a while it is apparent that the alien can take over and assimilate into other life forms including humans and can spread like a virus . this means that anyone at the base could be inhabited by the thing and tensions escalate .
joseph a man plagued by violence and a rage that is driving him to self -destruction earns a chance of redemption that appears in the form of hannah a christian charity shop worker .
martha has run away from an abusive hippie -like cult where she was living as marcy may for two years . she turns to her sister and brother -in-law who take her in and want to help her . the problem is martha is having a hard time separating dreams from reality and when haunting memories of her past keep resurfacing she may need more help than anyone is able to give her .
kevin 's mother struggles to love her strange child despite the increasingly vicious things he says and does as he grows up . but kevin is just getting started and his final act will be beyond anything anyone imagined .
state vs . religion in century france .
in a future where people stop aging at but are engineered to live only one more year having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth . here will salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system .
margaret centers on a -year-old new york city high -school student who feels certain that she inadvertently played a role in a traffic accident that has claimed a woman 's life . in her attempts to set things right she meets with opposition at every step . torn apart with frustration she begins emotionally brutalizing her family her friends her teachers and most of all herself . she has been confronted quite unexpectedly with a basic truth : that her youthful ideals are on a collision course against the realities and compromises of the adult world .
in brooklyn bridge park eleven year old zachary cowan strikes his eleven year old classmate ethan longstreet across the face with a stick after an argument . among the more serious of ethan 's injuries is a permanently missing tooth and the possibility of a second tooth also being lost . their respective parents learn of the altercation through ethan 's parents questioning him about his injuries . the longstreet parents invite the cowan parents to their brooklyn apartment to deal with the incident in a civilized manner . they are : penelope longstreet whose idea it was to invite the cowans she whose priorities in life include human rights and justice ; michael longstreet who tries to be as accommodating as possible to retain civility in any situation ; nancy cowan a nervous and emotionally stressed woman ; and alan cowan who is married more to his work as evidenced by the attachment he has to his cell phone and taking work calls at the most inopportune times . although the meeting starts off civilized enough it quickly degenerates after an unfortunate incident by nancy . the degeneration of their meeting not only has to do with their boys ' fight but also the other couple 's fitness as parents the state of their respective marriages and their place in a crazy world .
a respected financial company is downsizing and one of the victims is the risk management division head who was working on a major analysis just when he was let go . his protg completes the study late into the night and then frantically calls his colleagues in about the company 's financial disaster he has discovered . what follows is a long night of panicked double checking and double dealing as the senior management prepare to do whatever it takes to mitigate the debacle to come even as the handful of conscientious comrades find themselves dragged along into the unethical abyss .
in in california cinematographer dennis moves to the house of his girlfriend julie to raise a family with her daughters katie and kristi . little kristi has an imaginary friend named toby while weird things happen in the house . dennis decides to place cameras in the house to capture images during the night and soon he finds that there is an entity in the house . dennis 's friend randy rosen (dustin ingram ) researches the events and learns that his house might be a coven of witches and the children may be in danger .
johnny english goes up against international assassins hunting down the chinese premier .
a thriller centered on a young man who sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website .
brandon is a -something man living in new york who is unable to manage his sex life . after his wayward younger sister moves into his apartment brandon 's world spirals out of control . shame examines the nature of need how we live our lives and the experiences that shape us .
ally is a woman who has many ex -boyfriends who turned out to be losers . now she believes that she can 't find a good guy . but when she runs into one of her exes who is now a 'prince charming ' she decides to look up all of her exes to see if any of them have changed for the better . when she has trouble locating them she asks her neighbor colin who sleeps with a different women every night and sneaks out the morning after to avoid talking to them to help her .
an accomplished headhunter risks everything to obtain a valuable painting owned by a former mercenary .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
years before meeting shrek and donkey the adorable but tricky puss in boots must clear his name from all charges making him a wanted fugitive . while trying to steal magic beans from the infamous criminals jack and jill the hero crosses paths with his female match kitty softpaws who leads puss to his old friend but now enemy humpty dumpty . memories of friendship and betrayal enlarges puss ' doubt but he eventually agrees to help the egg get the magic beans . together the three plan to steal the beans get to the giant 's castle nab the golden goose and clear puss ' name .
josh kovaks is the manager of a high -rise condominium in new york . he is close to all the tenants especially financier arthur shaw . one day shaw is arrested by the fbi for fraud . josh thinks it 's a misunderstanding that can be resolved but later he learns that the employees ' pension fund - which he asked shaw to handle - is gone . when one of the employees tries to kill himself josh 's views of shaw change . he goes to see him and loses his temper and his job . the fbi agent in charge tells him that shaw might walk and recovering the pension fund is unlikely . she tells him that it 's been rumored that shaw has million lying around if he needs it in a hurry . josh thinks he knows where it is so with two other fired employees and an evicted tenant they set out to get into shaw 's penthouse to get the money . but they realize they need the assistance of someone who knows how to steal so josh asks an old acquaintance named slide who he knows is a thief to help them .
biopic of j . edgar hoover told by hoover as he recalls his career for a biography . early in his career hoover fixated on communists anarchists and any other revolutionary taking action against the u .s. government . he slowly builds the agency 's reputation becoming the sole arbiter of who gets hired and fired . one of his hires is clyde tolson who is quickly promoted to assistant director and would be hoover 's confidant and companion for the rest of hoover 's life . hoover 's memories have him playing a greater role in the many high profile cases the fbi was involved in - the lindbergh baby kidnapping the arrest of bank robbers like john dillinger - and also show him to be quite adept at manipulating the various politicians he 's worked with over his career thanks in large part to his secret files .
an insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder /insurance fraud scheme that arouses an insurance investigator 's suspicions .
intrepid reporter tintin and captain haddock set off on a treasure hunt for a sunken ship commanded by haddock 's ancestor .
george harrison first became known to the world as "the quiet beatle " of the fab four but there was far more to his life than simply being a part of the beatles . this film explores the life and career of this seminal musician philanthropist film producer and amateur race car driver who grew to make his own mark on the world . through his music archival footage and the memories of friends and family harrison 's deep spirituality and humanity are explored in his singular life as he took on artistic challenges and important causes as only he could .
set in paris an orphan who lives in the walls of a train station is wrapped up in a mystery involving his late father and an automaton .
as they 're held for ransom a husband and wife 's predicament grows more dire amid the discovery of betrayal and deception .
theseus is a mortal man chosen by zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless king hyperion who is on a rampage across greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity .
family guy jack sadelstein prepares for the annual event he dreads : the thanksgiving visit of his twin sister the needy and passive -aggressive jill who then refuses to leave .
amanda 's yearning for snow pushes her to dangerous extremes as she attempts to make her absurd dream a reality . moved by her persistence her husband raul decides to bring winter to their home . the chilly end to this love story is as inevitable as it is tragic .
a present -day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of king adam and queen belle offers a chance of redemption for the trouble making offspring of disney 's classic villains : ...
when muppet fans learn that tex richman wants to drill under the muppet theater for oil gary mary and walter set out to find the muppets who have been split up for years so that they can put on one last show and save the muppet theater . kermit the frog now lives in his own mansion depressed in hollywood 'the great gonzo ' is a high class plumber at gonzo 's royal flush fozzie bear performs with a tribute band called the moopets miss piggy is the plus -size fashion editor at vogue paris and animal is at a celebrity anger management rehab center in santa barbara .
edward leaves bella after an attack that nearly claimed her life and in her depression she falls into yet another paranormal relationship - this time with werewolf jacob black .
young albert enlists to serve in world war i after his beloved horse is sold to the cavalry . albert 's hopeful journey takes him out of england and to the front lines as the war rages on .
hard -drinking journalist paul kemp takes a job at a besieged newspaper in san juan puerto rico . his volatile editor lotterman assigns him to tourist pieces and horoscopes but promises more . paul rooms with sala an aging and equally alcoholic reporter in a rundown flat . sanderson a wealthy entrepreneur hires paul to flack for a group of investors who plan to buy an island near the capital and build a resort . sanderson 's girl -friend the beguiling chenault bats her eyes at paul . his loyalties face challenges when he and sala get in trouble with locals when a carnival dance enrages sanderson and when the paper hits the skids . is the solution always alcohol ?
sir laurence olivier is making a movie in london . young colin clark an eager film student wants to be involved and he navigates himself a job on the set . when film star marilyn monroe arrives for the start of shooting all of london is excited to see the blonde bombshell while olivier is struggling to meet her many demands and acting ineptness and colin is intrigued by her . colin 's intrigue is met when marilyn invites him into her inner world where she struggles with her fame her beauty and her desire to be a great actress .
after a drunken house party with his straight mates russell heads out to a gay club . just before closing time he picks up glen but what 's expected to be just a one -night stand becomes something else something special .
in a world with no guns a mysterious drifter a bartender and a young samurai plot revenge against a ruthless leader and his army of thugs headed by nine diverse and deadly assassins .
after southern belle elizabeth lloyd runs off to marry yankee jack sherman her father a former confederate colonel during the civil war vows to never speak to her again . several years ...
in this spine -chilling hitchcock -style thriller an eerie apparition waits patiently for a man 's day to end .
after another raid in an empty village the chief of the vikings timandahaf misunderstands the explanation of his druid cryptograf that "fear gives wings to the dwellers " and believes that ...
santa 's clumsy son arthur gets put on a mission with st . nick 's father to give out a present they misplaced to a young girl in less than hours .
two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick -and-easy job until an unexpected target throws them off their plan .
in new orleans the hit men james bonomo a .k.a. jimmy bobo and louis blanchard execute the dirty cop hank greely in a hotel room . but they are betrayed and louis is stabbed in a bar by the mercenary keegan while waiting for the payment of the contract . meanwhile the washington d .c. police detective taylor kwon comes to new orleans to investigate the murder of greely who had stolen evidences from the police department . soon he is shot by two dirty detectives but jimmy saves his life . jimmy brings taylor to the shop of his daughter lisa and she removes the bullet from his shoulder and nurses him . taylor and jimmy form the most unlikely partnership to investigate the crimes and after contacting the intermediate ronnie earl that had hired jimmy and louis they discover a network of corruption formed by the lawyer marcus baptiste and the entrepreneur robert nkomo morel .
barney ross is approached by cia man church who wants him and his guns for hire to go to the former soviet union to retrieve something that was on a plane that crashed . church doesn 't tell him what he is getting . and church sends a woman maggie with him to make sure he gets it . they find the plane and get the thing but some men take one of barney 's people hostage and the leader tells him to give him what they got or he 'll kill his hostage . they give it to him but he kills his hostage anyway . barney asks maggie what was so important about that thing . she says that it showed the location of a russian plutonium storage mine . barney decides to track the man down and deal with him . they track them down and discover that the man they seek is vilain who leads a group known as the sangs and that they have taken all the men from the surrounding villages to work the mine .
this is a story in the suburbs about a day in the life of a lonely and self -loathing drug dealer known as snowman . the story delves into the daily routine and the various characters he interacts with which has become a part of his life . he lives day -by-day as a supplier working a regular job while anticipating his own demise .
katniss everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister 's place in the hunger games a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve districts of panem are chosen at random to fight to the death .
despite his tarnished reputation after the events of the dark knight in which he took the rap for dent 's crimes batman feels compelled to intervene to assist the city and its police force which is struggling to cope with bane 's plans to destroy the city .
the events in this movie take place around the same time as the events in the bourne ultimatum when a british reporter was writing an expose about black ops operations treadstone and black briar and the ones responsible for them are concerned . and when jason bourne former treadstone operative got the file on treadstone and black briar and gave it to pamela landy who then passed it to the media . when the men behind treadstone and black briar learn of this they 're concerned how this will affect other ops they have . they decide it 's best to shut down all ops and make sure make everyone involved disappears . they try to take out aaron cross who is part of another op called outcome but he manages to survive . he then seeks out dr . marta shearing who worked on him when he began . it seems part of the program is for all subjects to take medications but he has run out which is why he seeks her . but someone tries to kill her . he saves her and she tells him he should have stopped taking the medications long ago . they go to manila so that she can help him . later the men behind outcome learn that cross and shearing are still alive . they try to get them .
after finally catching serial killer and occult "sorcerer" lord blackwood legendary sleuth sherlock holmes and his assistant dr . watson can close yet another successful case . but when blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree holmes must take up the hunt once again . contending with his partner 's new fiance and the dimwitted head of scotland yard the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder deceit and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress irene adler .
what do you get when you ask the people of the world to chronicle a single day in their lives ? you get submissions hours of footage from countries . kevin macdonald has taken this raw material all shot on july and created a -minute paean to what it means to be human in the world today .
a simple stagecoach trip is complicated by the fact that geronimo is on the warpath in the area . the passengers on the coach include a drunken doctor two women a bank manager who has taken off with his client 's money and the famous ringo kid among others .
various lives intersect over the course of hours in canada 's largest and most culturally diverse city .
soon after her divorce a fiction writer returns to her home in small -town minnesota looking to rekindle a romance with her ex -boyfriend who is now happily married and has a newborn daughter .
set during new year 's eve in new york city this movie follows several people and how the day affects them . kim is a single mother who still thinks of her daughter hailey as a child who wants to go out with a boy so that she could kiss him at midnight . claire who is in charge of the city 's annual tradition the ball drop on times square . and when something goes wrong she has to ask an electrician who was fired to come and fix it . laura a chef who is cooking the new year 's eve party for a record company who runs into jensen her ex who 's a singer and performing at the party . while he tries to apologize for how things ended she refuses to accept it . ingrid a woman who works at the record company after having a near death experience decides to quit her job and asks a young messenger paul to help her fulfill her resolutions . and at a hospital stan a man who is in the final stages of cancer only wishes to see the ball drop . also griffin and tess a couple who are expecting want to be the ones who give birth first after new year because of the available cash prize ; but another couple is also about to give birth . randy a man who 's not exactly fond of the holiday because of something that happened finds himself trapped in an elevator with a singer who is one of jensen 's back up singers when he performs at times square . and sam son of the owner of the record company who is out of town and is trying to get back to the city so that he could give a speech at the party but when he has an accident and since it 's a holiday his car can 't be fixed so he hitches a ride with some people going to the city . but it seems he has another reason why he needs to get back .
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
benjamin has lost his wife . in a bid to start his life over he purchases a large house that has a zoo . this is welcome news for his daughter but his son is not happy about it . the zoo is need of renovation and benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper kelly and the rest of the zoo staff . but the zoo soon runs into financial trouble . the staff must get the zoo back to its former glory pass a zoo inspection and get it back open to the public .
journalist mikael blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by lisbeth salander a young computer hacker .
several years ago a sleepy pacific northwest town was terrorized by a skull -faced maniac with a thirst for blood . it seemed no man woman or child was safe from the north bend reaper a crafty serial killer who became infamous for stealing patches of clothing from his bloodied victims . despite a massive manhunt the reaper was never found . fast forward to the present - a group of actors try to cash in on the town 's notoriety by hosting an interactive murder mystery party based on the unsolved killings . after isolating their guests at an abandoned summer camp they come to the terrifying conclusion that someone in their midst is killing them off one by one . has someone chosen to continue the north bend reaper 's bloody legacy ? or has the reaper himself come back for one last dance with death ?
in century dublin albert nobbs an eccentric man in the latter part of middle age works as a waiter in morrison 's hotel run by the stingy and controlling marge baker . albert is hard working and saves his money so that one day he will be able to eke out a better life for himself by owning his own business rather than work at the hotel . beyond his work colleagues he is all alone in the world . one day a man named hubert page is hired by mrs . baker to paint one of the rooms in the hotel . she forces hubert to share albert 's bed for the one night he is required to stay to complete the work much to albert 's horror . hubert discovers the reason albert did not want to share a room with him . but rather than the issue being a problem hubert shows albert that he can follow a slightly different life path than the one he envisioned for himself - one closer to the life that hubert leads with his wife cathleen - which includes getting married and having a wife to support him emotionally . albert 's choice as a bride is his younger flirtatious co -worker helen dawes who unknown to albert is already in a sexual relationship with the brusque and sly joe mackins another co -worker recently arrived to morrison 's. as albert helen and joe play their respective games of courtship albert may find that what seemed to come naturally to hubert may be more difficult for him .
set in the world of mega -churches in which a former deadhead -turned-born again -christian finds himself on the run from fundamentalist members of his mega -church who will do anything to protect their larger -than-life pastor .
two best friends decide to have a child together while keeping their relationship platonic so they can avoid the toll kids can take on romantic relationships .
to protect his brother -in-law from a drug lord a former smuggler heads to panama to score millions of dollars in counterfeit bills .
the muppet elmo is one of the most beloved characters among children across the globe . meet the unlikely man behind the puppet - the heart and soul of elmo - kevin clash .
g .g. sparrow faces off with her choir 's newly appointed director vi rose hill over the group 's direction as they head into a national competition .
an elderly margaret thatcher talks to the imagined presence of her recently deceased husband as she struggles to come to terms with his death while scenes from her past life from girlhood to british prime minister intervene .
beth a bookish teenager befriends emilia an aspiring novelist who has just arrived in town . emilia soon begins an affair with beth 's father that threatens to have devastating consequences .
a warrior is risen from the dead and commissioned with the task of stopping a depraved cult called the children of change .
a war has been raging between the vampires and lycan for centuries selene (beckinsale) is a death dealer assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the lycan . when she comes across michael corvin (speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie .
when anastasia steele a literature student goes to interview the wealthy christian grey as a favor to her roommate kate kavanagh she encounters a beautiful brilliant and intimidating man . the innocent and naive ana starts to realize she wants him . despite his enigmatic reserve and advice she finds herself desperate to get close to him . not able to resist ana 's beauty and independent spirit christian grey admits he wants her too but on his own terms . ana hesitates as she discovers the singular tastes of christian grey - despite the embellishments of success his multinational businesses his vast wealth and his loving family grey is consumed by the need to control everything .
an ex -cop turned con threatens to jump to his death from a manhattan hotel rooftop . the nearest new york police officer immediately responds to a screaming woman and calls dispatch . more officers arrive with swat and tactical command along with fire -fighters. the police then dispatch a police psychologist personally requested to talk him down from the ledge . however things aren 't as they seem .
just santos cabaret actor with a talent for imitation receives the offer of a role in a movie that could change his life and his family .
a black ops super soldier seeks payback after she is betrayed and set up during a mission .
drama based on real events about a midwife who became suspicious of the high number of hysterectomies performed by one particular surgeon in an irish hospital and who called attention to the practice .
inspired by the fictional dr . heiter disturbed loner martin dreams of creating a -person centipede and sets out to realize his sick fantasy .
a drama steeped in portugal 's fado music culture .
in new orleans english teacher of the high school rampart high will gerard and his wife musician laura gerard are in love with each other . one night laura leaves a rehearsal and is assaulted while will is playing chess with his friend jimmy . will is visiting her in hospital when out of the blue a stranger named simon tells him that he belongs to an organization of vigilantes and offers to eliminate the assailant . in return the organisation would want a favor from will in the future . will agrees and the criminal is murdered . six months later simon collects his debt with will . he demands that will kill alan marsh a pedophile . will accidentally kills alan and soon he learns that the victim was an awarded journalist that was investigating the organization . now he seeks evidences to prove his innocence but the network of the organization is powerful and is seeking will out to eliminate him .
backpackers are in amsterdam where they get locked out of their youth hostel . they are invited into a man 's house where he tells them of a hostel somewhere in eastern europe where the women are all incredibly hot and have a taste for american men . when they get there everything is too good to be true - the hostel is "to die for "
on december kyon finds that several traces of the sos brigade have mysteriously disappeared from his life . mikuru and yuki do not seem to recall meeting him and haruhi and itsuki do not attend north high school . in addition all the former brigade members have become normal people . eventually kyon receives a message from yuki 's alien counterpart asking him to gather keys for a program that could return him to his own reality . this starts kyon on a journey that eventually leads him back to the night haruhi first became interested in meeting aliens time travelers and espers .
a crew of african american pilots in the tuskegee training program having faced segregation while kept mostly on the ground during world war ii are called into duty under the guidance of col . a .j. bullard .
after losing her job jersey girl stephanie plum is broke . needing a job she is told that her cousin a bail bondsman needs someone to help out in the office . but the only job openings he has are for skip tracers . she learns that joe morelli a guy she knew intimately years ago is one of the "skips". she eventually finds him but wasn 't really prepared so he gets away . another bounty hunter ranger tries to teach her . eventually she finds morelli again but he claims he is innocent of the crime he is accused of and he is trying to prove his innocence . eventually stephanie thinks he 's telling the truth so she stakes out the person who can help him . she only finds herself in trouble and morelli saves her . she tries to find someone who can prove his innocence but the problem is that shortly after meeting with them they 're killed or attacked .
during the final days at the yankee pedlar inn two employees determined to reveal the hotel 's haunted past begin to experience disturbing events as old guests check in for a stay .
the shy lonely and outcast teenager andrew detmer is bullied and has no friends at high -school and lives with his abusive and alcoholic father richard detmer and his terminally ill mother karen . andrew buys a camera to film his everyday life . his cousin matt garetty drives him to school and invites andrew to go to a party at night . telekinetic abilities and andrew becomes the most powerful . but he easily loses his temper and becomes dangerous while matt tries to control him . when his mother needs a medicine and andrew does not have enough money to buy it his darker side overcomes and he becomes a menace .
another dazzling suburban phantasm from writer -director todd haynes dottie gets spanked (made post -poison and pre -safe) is a stylized bittersweet nod to his childhood fascination with i love lucy . deep in the heart of pre -hippie america young artistically -inclined steven gale is obsessed with dottie frank wacky star of the eponymous hit sitcom the dottie show . while his mother gently encourages the boy 's fixation his father grows increasingly frustrated by his son 's apparently "sissified" interests . this provocative heartfelt mini -feature anticipates haynes ' oscar -nominated far from heaven with its excavation of placid mid -century surfaces and deeply -buried emotions .
george a lonely and fatalistic teen who has made it all the way to his senior year without ever having done a real day of work is befriended by sally a popular but complicated girl who recognizes in him a kindred spirit .
dylan moran talks about dublin greetings cigarettes drugs life potential the ideal body health foods modern cookery wine hotel rooms mobile phones cash machines partying vodka whiskey gin children and their owners babyboomers blues rap music young people politeness lies politicians flatmates news euphemism anti -americanism the french religion prejudice homosexuals smurfs jesus beauty fear men women male genitalia female genitalia dialects englishmen americans and irish hair .
dylan moran talks about dublin greetings cigarettes drugs life potential the ideal body health foods modern cookery wine hotel rooms mobile phones cash machines partying vodka whiskey gin children and their owners babyboomers blues rap music young people politeness lies politicians flatmates news euphemism anti -americanism the french religion prejudice homosexuals smurfs jesus beauty fear men women male genitalia female genitalia dialects englishmen americans and irish hair .
a young cia agent is tasked with looking after a fugitive in a safe house . but when the safe house is attacked he finds himself on the run with his charge .
a mother gives up her life to protect her young daughter . the daughter in turn makes it her mission to see vengeance . with a sad twist of fate the short is ultimately about how far someone can go for a loved one .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
young beautiful and intelligent trevor (screenwriter brent gorski ) is in a stalemate . entangled in an unhealthy relationship with darrell a self -destructive heroin addict and trapped in ...
jane deep in grief and at rock bottom finds herself in a bathroom stall . there she sees the writing on the wall : for a good time call . the person who answers gives her an anonymous encounter of a surprising kind .
the -year-old sean anderson receives a coded signal and his stepfather hank helps him to decipher the message . they find that sean 's grandfather alexander anderson has found the mysterious island in the pacific described by jules verne and two other writers in their novels . the stubborn sean wants to travel to the coordinates and hank decides to buy the tickets and travel with the teenager to a small island nearby the location . they rent an old helicopter owned by the locals gabato and his teenage daughter kailani and the group heads to the unknown spot . along their journey they cross a hurricane and crash on the island . they find a beautiful and dangerous place surrounded by forests volcanoes with lava of gold and menacing life forms . they also meet the old alexander and hank discovers that the island is sinking . now their only chance to survive is to find the legendary nautilus .
an odd epidemic appears across the globe : people suddenly lose one of their senses . at first it 's an outbreak of loss of smell . it 's often presaged by a destructive temper tantrum . in this mix are a scientist and a chef - she 's susan one of a team trying to understand the epidemic ; he 's michael charming and engaging . susan and michael begin a relationship in the middle of increasing chaos as the loss of other senses plagues more people and as civil authorities try to maintain order . susan 's voice -over reflections provide insight . is love possible in such a changed world ? can anything make perfect sense ?
henry is a handsome screenwriter who is trying to win the heart of the woman he truly loves . his plans are interrupted when he finds magdalena a little girl at his house .
lewis tater writes wild west dime novels and dreams of actually becoming a cowboy . when he goes west to find his dream he finds himself in possession of the loot box of two crooks who tried to rob him . during his escape lewis stumbles on to the set of a wild west movie and through mishap and chance becomes a star of hollywood westerns .
when the motorcyclist johnny blaze finds that his father barton blaze has a terminal cancer he accepts a pact with the mephistopheles giving his soul for the health of his beloved father . but the devil deceives him and barton dies in a motorcycle accident during an exhibition . johnny leaves the carnival his town his friends and his girlfriend roxanne . years later johnny blaze becomes a famous motorcyclist who risks his life in his shows and he meets roxanne again now a tv reporter . however mephistopheles proposes johnny to release his contract if he become the "ghost rider " and defeat his evil son blackheart who wants to possess one thousand evil souls and transform hell on earth .
in "prayers for bobby " mary griffith (sigourney weaver ) is a devout christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the presbyterian church . however when her son bobby (ryan kelley ) confides to his older brother he may be gay life changes for the entire family after mary learns about his secret . while bobby 's father (henry czerny ) and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality mary believes god can cure him of what she considers his 'sin' and persuades bobby to pray harder and seek solace in church activities in hopes of changing him . desperate for his mother 's approval bobby does what is asked of him but through it all the church 's apparent disapproval of homosexuality causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed . guilty over the pain he is causing mary bobby moves away yet hopes that some day his mother will accept him . his subsequent depression and self -loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the 'perfect' son and is driven to suicide . faced with their tragedy mary begins to question her faith when she receives no answers from her pastor concerning her devastating loss . through her long and emotional journey mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source . the film is based on the leroy aarons book of the same name .
the short 'civil war ' is the story of a man living alone in a cabin in woodland when after he decides to blow a little blue bird to pieces he suddenly gets fired at by an unknown enemy . he is then engaged in a civil war but with whom ?
as the curtain rises hannah hesitantly steps onto the stage for her theatrical debut in college . yet before she can utter her first lines hannah -unscripted-collapses in front of the stunned audience . after countless medical tests all signs point to one underlying factor : hannah 's difficult birth . this revelation is nothing compared to what she then learns from her parents : she was actually adopted ... after a failed abortion attempt . bewildered angered and confused hannah turns for support to jason her long -time friend . encouraged by his adventurous spirit hannah joins his group of friends on a spring break road trip embarking on a journey to discover her hidden past ... and find hope for her unknown future . in the midst of her incredible journey hannah learns that every life is beautiful .
when her sister disappears jill is convinced the serial killer who kidnapped her two years ago has returned and she sets out to once again face her abductor .
when a tragedy strikes close to home four police officers struggle with their faith and their roles as husbands and fathers ; together they make a decision that will change all of their lives .
it 's thomas kub 's birthday and all he wants to do is throw a small party with some friends to help raise his social status and maybe even get lucky . but when his best friend costa starts calling radio stations and putting ads up on craigslist you can be sure that this party is going to get really out of hand really fast .
in birding a big year is seeing or hearing as many different species of birds as possible in a calendar year . three men pursue the birder of the year title : kenny bostick who 's seen a record in a past big year stu preissler newly retired and brad harris who narrates the story . life gets in the way : bostick 's wife wants a baby stu 's firm needs him for sensitive negotiations and brad divorced and underemployed at has an encouraging mom and a disapproving dad . they criss -cross the continent (including a trip to alaska 's westernmost island ) follow migration patterns and head for storms that force birds to ground . who will win at what cost and with what rewards ?
trailer park boys is about life between prison terms . always trying to play the angles always done -in by forces beyond their control and always in the middle of a gunfight ricky and julian are decent hard - working guys trying to cope with the new world economic order . it 's not that the boys don 't know right from wrong it 's just that "right" rarely presents itself .
a documentary that follows the manassas tigers football team a severely underfunded and underprivileged football team -- who were even hired out as a practice team for more successful schools -- as they reverse their fortunes thanks to coach bill courtney .
two cia agents tuck and frank who are also best friends have been benched because someone 's after them . tuck is divorced with a son whom he 's not close to and frank is a ladies man . tuck decides to try and find someone so he places his profile on a dating website . lauren a woman also looking for a guy sees tuck 's profile and goes with him . she later bumps into frank and he hits on her and she goes out with him . she 's intrigued by both of them . when they learn that they 're dating the same girl they agree to let her choose . but both can 't help but use their skills to keep tabs on her and each other . and also sabotage each other 's dates with her .
john carter a civil war veteran who in was trying to live a normal life is "asked" by the army to join but he refuses so he is locked up . he escapes and is pursued . eventually they run into some indians and there 's a gunfight . carter seeks refuge in a cave . while there he encounters someone who is holding some kind of medallion . when carter touches it he finds himself in a place where he can leap incredible heights among other things . he later encounters beings he has never seen before . he meets a woman who helps him to discover that he is on mars and he learns there 's some kind of unrest going on .
at david lives the life of an irresponsible adolescent . he coasts through life with minimal effort and maintains a complicated relationship with valerie a young policewoman . just as she tells him she 's pregnant david 's past resurfaces . twenty years earlier he began providing sperm to a fertility clinic in exchange for money . he discovers he 's the father of children of whom have filed a class action lawsuit to determine the identity of their biological father known only by the pseudonym starbuck .
what has happened to us ? despite the most advanced medical technology in the world we are sicker than ever by nearly every measure . cases of diabetes are exploding especially amongst our younger population . about half of us are taking at least one prescription drug and major medical operations have become routine . heart disease cancer and stroke are the country 's three leading causes of death even though billions are spent each year to "battle" these very conditions . millions suffer from a host of other degenerative diseases . could it be there 's a single solution to all of these problems ? a solution so comprehensive but so utterly straightforward that it 's mind -boggling that more of us haven 't taken it seriously ? forks over knives examines the profound claim that most if not all of the so -called "diseases of affluence " that afflict us can be controlled or even reversed by rejecting our present menu of animal -based and processed foods . the major storyline in the film traces the personal journeys of dr . t . colin campbell a nutritional scientist from cornell university and dr . caldwell esselstyn a former top surgeon at the world renowned cleveland clinic . inspired by remarkable discoveries in their young careers these men conducted several groundbreaking studies one of which is considered among the most comprehensive health -related investigations ever undertaken . their research separately and independently led them to the same startling conclusion : degenerative diseases like heart disease type diabetes and even several forms of cancer could almost always be prevented -and in many cases reversed -by adopting a whole foods plant -based diet . despite the profound implications of their findings their work has remained relatively unknown to the public . in addition cameras follow "reality patients " who have chronic conditions from heart disease to diabetes . doctors teach these patients how to adopt a whole foods plant -based diet as the primary approach to treat their ailments -while the challenges and triumphs of their journeys are revealed .
doug glatt of orangetown massachusetts is floundering in life he having no real sense of where he fits - having a "thing" as he calls it . he doesn 't have the book smarts to become a doctor like his adoptive father or his gay adoptive brother ira . and he doesn 't have the passion that his best friend pat has for his self -appointed work hosting a hockey based cable call -in show hot ice . because his fists and skull are figuratively like steel doug is good at the enforcement part of his job as a bouncer despite he having a naturally friendly childlike approach to dealing with people and situations . an incident involving doug in the stands of an orangetown assassins minor league hockey game leads to its coach rollie hortense offering doug a tryout with the team as its enforcer the tryout regardless of the fact that rollie has no idea if doug even knows how to play ice hockey (which he doesn 't). learning just enough hockey skills doug makes the team . rollie however quickly believes that doug would be a bigger asset for his brother ronnie hortense 's team the halifax highlanders . ronnie has one player xavier laflamme who was once well on his way to a successful nhl career until he was blown a vicious hit three years ago by aged enforcer ross "the boss " rhea after which xavier lost his hockey mojo . doug 's role would be to protect xavier while somehow giving xavier the confidence to feel safe playing hockey freely again . doug relishes this new role in his life first with the assassins then with the highlanders as he likes hockey and he stands up for what and who he believes . but doug may have some obstacles in proving himself to those that matter . besides the coaches these people include his family his fellow players especially xavier and a girl named eva who doug is falling for but who is already in a relationship . but doug may also have to prove himself to ross the boss who xavier has not met on the ice since that hit .
summer : john mccain secures the nomination but polls behind barack obama . strategist steve schmidt suggests a game changer : picking a conservative female with media savvy unknown alaska governor sarah palin as vice president . she 's an immediate hit and a quick study - the gap closes . then tina fey 's impersonation a raft of criticism and missing her family send palin into a near -catatonic state : she doesn 't prepare for her katie couric interview and bombs . schmidt searches for an answer : don 't expect her to learn the issues but give her a script . palin does well in the debate with biden ; she finds her voice goes off script and goes rogue . a mistake ?
in high school schmidt (jonah hill ) was a dork and jenko (channing tatum ) was the popular jock . after graduation both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park . since they are young and look like high school students they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs .
a man wrongly convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage against the u .s. is offered his freedom if he can rescue the president 's daughter from an outer space prison taken over by violent inmates .
scheming on a way to save their father 's ranch the alvarez brothers find themselves in a war with mexico 's most feared drug lord .
a documentary on diy producer /director roger corman and his alternative approach to making movies in hollywood .
in the basement of a tokyo office building year old sushi master jiro ono works tirelessly in his world renowned restaurant sukiyabashi jiro . as his son yoshikazu faces the pressures of stepping into his father 's shoes and taking over the legendary restaurant jiro relentlessly pursues his lifelong quest to create the perfect piece of sushi .
a decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous kraken perseus -the demigod son of zeus -is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his -year old son helius . meanwhile a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the titans . dangerously weakened by humanity 's lack of devotion the gods are losing control of the imprisoned titans and their ferocious leader kronos father of the long -ruling brothers zeus hades and poseidon . the triumvirate had overthrown their powerful father long ago leaving him to rot in the gloomy abyss of tartarus a dungeon that lies deep within the cavernous underworld . perseus cannot ignore his true calling when hades along with zeus ' godly son ares (edgar ramrez ) switch loyalty and make a deal with kronos to capture zeus . the titans ' strength grows stronger as zeus ' remaining godly powers are siphoned and hell is unleashed on earth . enlisting the help of the warrior queen andromeda (rosamund pike ) poseidon 's demigod son argenor (toby kebbell ) and fallen god hephaestus (bill nighy ) perseus bravely embarks on a treacherous quest into the underworld to rescue zeus overthrow the titans and save mankind .
in the last moments of world war ii a secret nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the dark side of the moon . during years of utter secrecy the nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers .
over a decade has passed and the gang return to east great falls michigan for the weekend . they will discover how their lives have developed as they gather for their high school reunion . how has life treated michelle jim heather oz kevin vicky finch stifler and stifler 's mom ? in the summer of it was four boys on a quest to lose their virginity . now kara is a cute high school senior looking for the perfect guy to lose her virginity to .
a group of confederate prisoners escape to canada and plan to rob the banks and set fire to the small town of saint albans in vermont . to get the lie of the land their leader spends a few days in the town and finds he is getting drawn into its life and especially into that of an attractive widow and her son .
five teenagers head off for a weekend at a secluded cabin in the woods . they arrive to find they are quite isolated with no means of communicating with the outside world . when the cellar door flings itself open they of course go down to investigate . they find an odd assortment of relics and curios but when one of the women dana reads from a book she awakens a family of deadly zombie killers . however there 's far more going on than meets the eye .
loveless jobless possibly terminally ill frank has had enough of the downward spiral of america . with nothing left to lose frank takes his gun and offs the stupidest cruelest and most repellent members of society . he finds an unusual accomplice : -year-old roxy who shares his sense of rage and disenfranchisement .
left on the doorstep of an orphanage run by nuns at birth three friends moe larry and curly spend their time eye poking and slapping each other all the day long . but when their orphanage suddenly goes bankrupt the three stooges set out to save it by journeying into the world to find a way to raise the money required . but their quest brings them into being used in a murder scheme and landing them into a popular reality show .
martin grant has been hiding for years to escape his past as a ruthless mercenary in the elite force raven team . he 's recently been engaged and are trying to forget the nightmares of murder and betrayal . martin was convinced that he could escape ... but no one escapes from the raven teams ruthless leader raven . at least not alive . raven is back with a new team to hunt down and eliminate grant ...
after a beloved king vanishes his ruthless wife seizes control of the kingdom and keeps her beautiful -year-old stepdaughter snow white hidden away in the palace . but when the princess attracts the attention of a charming and wealthy visiting prince the jealous queen banishes the girl to a nearby forest . taken in by a band of rebellious but kindhearted dwarfs snow white blossoms into a brave young woman determined to save her country from the queen . with the support of her new friends she roars into action to reclaim her birthright and win back her prince in this magical adventure comedy that will capture the hearts and imaginations of audiences the world over .
a fleet of ships is forced to do battle with an armada of unknown origins in order to discover and thwart their destructive goals .
a series of documentary films presented by louis theroux .
seven elderly britons for a variety of reasons respond to an online ad and travel to jaipur india where they find run -down hotel with a young exuberant and optimistic host . evelyn newly widowed wants low -cost experience graham seeks a long -ago love douglas and jean have lost their pension in a family investment muriel needs cheap hip surgery madge seeks a rich husband and norman is chasing women . india affects each in different ways enchanting douglas and evelyn while driving jean deeper into bitterness . their host young sonny has dreams but little cash or skill ; he also has a girlfriend whom his mother dismisses . stories cross and discoveries await each one .
in san francisco after a year 's relationship tom proposes to violet ; she accepts . she 's an experimental psychologist hoping for a post -doc at cal . he 's a sous chef who runs the kitchen when the chef is away . when cal falls through and she gets an offer in ann arbor tom agrees to support the move turning down a job as chef at a new restaurant . the move requires postponing the wedding . at michigan violet is in her element but tom is underemployed and frustrated ; he 's stoic for a while but when two years in michigan become four tom 's frustrations boil over and on the eve of yet another wedding date they must make a choice . is there any other alternative ?
four women have given up on getting their men to do what they want until they find a how to book written by steve harvey . they start using his advice about relationships and their men start falling in line until the men discover what the women have been doing then the war is on .
logan is a marine serving in iraq . while there he finds a photo of a girl with "keep safe " written on the back . he is admiring it when his unit is attacked . he survives and credits the photo for saving him . he tries to find the owner but can 't assuming he was killed . when he goes back to the states he finds it difficult to adjust and is still haunted by what happened . analyzing the photo he finds in the background a landmark that tells him she is in louisiana . he then goes there and finds her . he learns her name is beth . he tries to tell her what happened but can 't get the words out . she assumes he 's there to apply for the job they advertised looking for someone to help at her family 's business a dog kennel . he says yes but at first she gets an uneasy feeling from him but her grandmother decides to give him a chance . it isn 't long that he makes a connection with her son . he then discovers that it was her brother who had the picture only he doesn 't remember him . he sees that her brother 's death has a profound effect on her . eventually they get close which makes her grandmother happy but not her ex who is a deputy sheriff who 's always threatening to take their son away from her .
a television anthology series that shows the dark side of life and technology .
an imprisoned vampire barnabas collins is set free and returns to his ancestral home where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection .
in an ancient time predating the pyramids the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . now with the help of the trickster arpid tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally it 's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king .
inspired by true events minutes is the story of four young lives slammed together in one shocking moment . the events of the night in inner city atlanta georgia unfold in real time as we inter -cut between a carjacking and the beginning of that day following four separate kids - who they are where they come from and the seemingly innocuous decisions that lead them towards a life changing conclusion . with no adults to guide them they 're left on their own to try to survive not only this night but the complex reality of the world they live in .
a small -town sheriff falls in love with a latina illegal immigrant who witnessed a murder on the texas border .
chandu (balakrishna) lives a normal life with his in laws in hyderabad . one fine day he comes across an aspiring actress (sonal chauhan ) and helps her in a critical situation . the problems gets big and chandu lands himself in a huge mess .
snow white imprisoned daughter of the late king escapes just as the magic mirror declares her the source of the evil queen 's immortality . the queen sends her men led by a local huntsman to bring her back . but upon her capture the huntsman finds he 's being played and turns against the queen 's men saving snow white in the process . meanwhile snow 's childhood friend william learns that she is alive and sets off to save her .
two documentary filmmakers attempt to penetrate a cult who worships a woman who claims to be from the future .
after years of humiliation and failed attempts to win the coveted pirate of the year award pirate captain and his oddball crew take on the cream of the pirating crop - black bellamy peg leg hastings and cutlass liz - in a race to pillage the most booty . they soon cross paths with lovelorn scientist charles darwin who persuades the captain that the crew 's prized 'parrot' polly could be the answer to the 'untold riches ' they are searching for . their adventure takes them to victorian london where they meet darwin 's sidekick 'man-panzee' mister bobo and the notorious pirate -hating queen victoria herself . it soon unfolds that darwin 's motives for helping the crew are not what they seem and the queen has an evil hidden agenda of her own . the pirate captain must choose between basking in the glory of being crowned pirate of the year or staying faithful to his trusted crew .
this film is set in and takes place in the same universe as the 'alien' movies . a group of explorers including some archaeologists are on an "undisclosed" mission . they arrive at a moon trillions of miles away from earth . the team spot what they believe to be signs of civilization . they go to investigate and find more than just signs they find conclusive evidence . but some of them have an ulterior motive for being there including the weyland corporation . they believe that this is where the human race actually came from . things soon turn from excitement to survival once inside their discovery .
we meet bernie tiede ) a chubby undertaker who takes pride in his work . he 's a gospel -singing tenor . in a series of interviews with townspeople mixed with flashbacks we follow bernie : he arrives in carthage texas (pop. ) where old ladies adore him ; he befriends a wealthy mean -spirited widow named marjorie nugent ; they become companions in both daily routines and expensive vacations . among those interviewed only her stockbroker and danny buck the local district attorney are unsympathetic toward the sunny sometimes saccharine bernie . marjorie changes from sour and alone to happy with bernie ; then she gets possessive . what will sweet bernie do ?
a couple goes to dangerous lengths to find a lung donor for their daughter .
a happily married woman falls for the artist who lives across the street .
the narrative revolves around police officer amadeus warnebring tone -deaf scion of a distinguished musical family and his attempts to track down a group of six guerilla percussionists whose anarchic public performances are terrorizing the city . the drumming set pieces correspond to an avant -garde score with four hilariously titled movements . where the short involved the six drummers imaginatively using standard apartment furnishings as their instruments the feature unleashes them on an unspecified city 's civic and cultural institutions . including an amusing backstory for each of the soberly dressed drummers as well as their nemesis music -hating investigator warnebring the film creates a treat for the eyes and ears from the dull repetitive sounds of everyday life .
in new york the aspirant filmmaker linda convinces her husband george gergenblatt to buy an expensive micro loft apartment in manhattan . linda expects to sell a documentary about penguins to hbo to help the payment of the installments and george expects a promotion . however hbo rejects the documentary and george 's company has folded and he is fired . with the american financial crisis they lose a large amount selling the apartment and george does not find a new job . george 's brother rick offers a job position in his company in atlanta . they drive from new york to atlanta and they decide to stop for the night in the hotel elysium . however they see a naked man running toward their car and george tries to return to the highway but accidentally he turns his car over . soon they learn the elysium is a hippie and vegan community and the dwellers invite george and linda to stay with them . however they decide to go to atlanta but soon george has an argument with his arrogant brother . george returns to elysium with linda and they decide to stay for a two -week trial . a couple of days later linda feels well with her new friends but george has difficulties to adapt himself to the rules of elysium .
set on an island off the coast of new england in the as a young boy and girl fall in love they are moved to run away together . various factions of the town mobilize to search for them and the town is turned upside down -- which might not be such a bad thing .
kolkata is abuzz with the preparations for the annual durga puja festival as seven months pregnant vidya bagchi steps off the airplane from london . her first stop is the local police station to file a missing person report . weeks ago her husband arnab arrived in india for a job assignment . the first two weeks they talked daily on the phone and then without explanation his calls stopped . everywhere vidya turns no one can remember arnab . there is no trace of him at the guest house or his workplace . but vidya will not give up her search . somewhere in kolkata she will discover the dangerous truth .
after stretching the truth on a deal with a spiritual guru literary agent jack mccall finds a bodhi tree on his property . its appearance holds a valuable lesson on the consequences of every word he speaks .
three magazine employees head out on an assignment to interview a guy who placed a classified advertisement seeking a companion for time travel .
a woman dressed elegantly walks purposely through the water gardens at the villa d 'este in tivoli as the music of vivaldi 's "winter" movement of "the four seasons " plays . heavy red filters give a blue cast to the light ; water plays across stone and fountains send it into the air . no words are spoken . baroque statuary and the sensuous flow of water are back lit . anger calls it "water games ."
a slavonic mass by leos jancek plays as historical figures biblical characters and mythical creatures gather in the pleasure dome . aphrodite lilith isis kali astarte nero pan and the great beast and the scarlet woman are part of a visual feast of images superimposed hallucinations and the spirit of decadence of the "yellow mythological images from aleister crowley cabalistic symbols artifice and magic combine to render the pleasure dome both as prison and as celebration .
mourning the death of his brother jack 's friend iris invites him to her father 's cottage for some alone time to recuperate . unbeknownst to either of them iris 's sister hannah is also staying at their father 's cottage recovering from her recent break -up. one entire bottle of tequila later jack and hannah wake up to find iris at the door . they each have secrets that they 're tying to keep and they each have feelings that they 're trying to sort out .
follows the adventures of an extraordinarily strong young boy named goku as he searches for the seven dragon balls . these balls when combined can grant the owner any one wish he desires . along the way he makes many new friends and enemies and he trains to become the strongest fighter in the world .
determined to make her own path in life princess merida defies a custom that brings chaos to her kingdom . granted one wish merida must rely on her bravery and her archery skills to undo a beastly curse .
follows the lives of five interconnected couples as they experience the thrills and surprises of having a baby and realize that no matter what you plan for life does not always deliver what is expected .
the lives of some visitors and residents of rome and the romances adventures and predicaments they get into .
an episodic biography of the president of the united states .
. naive sherrie christian has just arrived in hollywood from tulsa looking to become a rock star . she is just like drew boley was when he first arrived in hollywood he now the hollywood veteran who works as a bar back at the bourbon club known as the center of the rock scene in town and the place where many of the biggest acts in rock got their big break . the two meet as drew helps sherrie with a situation when she first arrives in town . despite dennis dupree the bourbon 's owner /manager not liking to hire people like drew or sherrie - someone who has musical aspirations - as service staff drew is able to convince dennis and his assistant lonny to hire sherrie as a server drew and sherrie who have a blossoming mutual attraction . dennis and lonny who are having financial difficulties are able to convince rock star stacee jaxx the perpetually stoned front man for the band arsenal who got his first break performing at the bourbon to perform for free at a benefit concert at the club . rumors are that stacee is leaving arsenal after their next gig to go solo rolling stones reporter constance sack who wants to get the true story as to the reason . another problem for the bourbon is that mayor mike whitmore is taking a tough stance on what he sees as bad societal influences like rock music . his christian fundamentalist wife patricia whitmore is leading the on the ground campaign in this area she who is determined to shut down the bourbon . but patricia is hiding a secret from her past as to the reason for her extreme fervor in getting rid of the bourbon . as drew and sherrie 's romance blossoms other romances around them blossom as well . but their romance and their musical aspirations are threatened by trying to stay true to their musical visions changing musical tastes and by stacee himself .
as an asteroid nears earth a man finds himself alone after his wife leaves in a panic . he decides to take a road trip to reunite with his high school sweetheart . accompanying him is a neighbor who inadvertently puts a wrench in his plan .
dignity . poise . mystery . we expect nothing less from the great turn -of-the-century magician presto . but when presto forgets to feed his rabbit one too many times well there 's really no telling what to expect ! follow the escalating high jinx of the amazing presto his rabbit alec and what happens onstage when a star magician 's ego provokes some clever revenge from his neglected costar .
in a dark room agent rick dicker interrogates kari a young girl with braces . he asks what happened . kari explains that she was babysitting for an infant jack -jack who seems able to levitate float pass through walls catch fire and cause havoc . kari stays nimble but barely holds on until an odd young man with orange hair and an "s" on his shirt rings the bell .
in the not too distant past a lamb lives in the desert plateau just below the snow line . he is proud of how bright and shiny his coat of wool is so much so that it makes him want to dance which in turn makes all the other creatures around him also want to dance . his life changes when one spring day he is captured his wool shorn and thrown back out onto the plateau all naked and pink . but a bounding jackalope who wanders by makes the lamb look at life a little differently in seeing that there is always something exciting in life to bound about .
with one coin to make a wish at the piazza fountain one man band tells the humorously captivating tale of a peasant girl who encounters two competing street performers who 'd prefer the coin find its way into their tip jars . as the two one -man bands ' rivalry crescendos the two overly eager musicians vie to win the little girl 's attention .
john bennett a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend lori .
an offbeat romantic comedy about a silver -painted street performer and the soft spoken zoo worker who falls for him .
mike lane is a thirty -year old living in tampaflorida . by day he works as a roofer while at night as magic mike he is the star attraction of the kings of tampa a group of male strippers . secretly he wants out in order to further a projected furniture -making business but his credit rating precludes a bank loan for this despite his considerable savings . one night adam a teen -aged work -mate of mike follows him to the club and when one of the acts is unable to go onhe is prevailed upon to strip - becoming a huge hit . however success goes to his head and his foolish actions not only threaten to jeopardize his sister brooke 's relationship with mike but mike 's ambitions as well .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
cleanskin : ewan (sean bean ) is a british secret service agent faced with the task of pursuing and eliminating a british born asian suicide bomber ash (abhin galeya ) and his terrorist cell whilst ash wrestles with his conscience and reflects on his journey to terrorism .
peter parker (garfield) is an outcast high schooler who was abandoned by his parents as a boy leaving him to be raised by his uncle ben (sheen) and aunt may (field). like most teenagers peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today . peter is also finding his way with his first high school crush gwen stacy (stone) and together they struggle with love commitment and secrets . as peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father he begins a quest to understand his parents ' disappearance - leading him directly to oscorp and the lab of dr . curt connors (ifans) his father 's former partner . as spider -man is set on a collision course with connors ' alter -ego the lizard peter will make life -altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero .
hushpuppy an intrepid six -year-old girl lives with her father wink in the bathtub a southern delta community at the edge of the world . wink 's tough love prepares her for the unraveling of the universe ; for a time when he 's no longer there to protect her . when wink contracts a mysterious illness nature flies out of whack temperatures rise and the ice caps melt unleashing an army of prehistoric creatures called aurochs . with the waters rising the aurochs coming and wink 's health fading hushpuppy goes in search of her lost mother .
workaholic and sleazy businessman sam is extremely reluctant to leave new york and go to his father 's funeral . when he finally arrives it becomes apparent that his mother and girlfriend are disappointed in him for "running away " whenever times get too emotional . soon afterwards he discovers that his father was sleeping around with another woman and that sam actually has a half -sister whom he never knew existed . his father has willed her and has left sam with the task of getting it to her . frankie is a bartender also wrapped up in work just like her half -brother and she has had a bad past and has now been left with the job of being a single parent to her troublemaker son josh . josh is eleven years old but curses like a sailor and constantly makes fart jokes and sex jokes making him popular with the bad kid crowd at school although behind the act josh is depressed and lonely . now sam has to find a way to fix the past and reunite his mom nephew and half -sister together at last but it won 't be easy .
pot growers ben and chon face off against the mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend .
geri sets up a chess game to play his greatest opponent - himself .
in south central los angeles street cops brian and mike are partners - balls -out cowboys patrolling the streets as latino gangs are in a power struggle with blacks . brian and mike get lucky a couple of times making big drug and human -trafficking busts so a mexican cartel orders their deaths . we meet mike 's pregnant wife (whom he married out of high school ) and watch brian 's search for a soul mate . there are internal squabbles within the ranks of the lapd and lots of squad -car conversation . can the lads escape the cartel 's murderous reach ?
a compilation of the olsen twins personal favorite direct -to-video adventures .
marion (delpy) has broken up with jack (two days in paris ) and now lives in new york with their child . but when her family decides to come visit her she 's unaware that the different cultural background held by her new american boyfriend mingus (rock) her eccentric father and her sister rose who decided to bring her ex -boyfriend along for the trip added to her upcoming photo exhibition will make up for an explosive mix .
terminal usa is the story of a japanese -american family with more than their fair share of quirks . ma (sharon omi ) is stealing grandpa 's morphine airhead sister (jenny woo ) is having sex with the family lawyer one brother (jon moritsugu ) gets perfect grades but is hiding a secret gay love of skinheads and the other brother (also jon moritsugu ) is a wastoid druggie . the tension leads to an explosion of absurd violence as crazier and crazier things happen to the family .
when a debt puts a young man 's life in danger he turns to putting a hit out on his evil mother in order to collect the insurance .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
this animated short starts with a group of small birds perched together on a telephone wire . when a much larger and awkward -looking bird arrives the smaller birds reject him with taunts and insults . still he persists in trying to win their friendship until at last the smaller birds decide to shove him from their perch . only too late do they discover that there may be a problem with this plan .
calvin is a genius novelist who begins to type a new novel on his manual typewriter about ruby his dream girl . he can 't believe his eyes because the next day ruby becomes a real person and they begin to have a beautiful relationship together . if the relationship isn 't perfect all calvin has to do is simply type the words on the page and ruby 's actions change to what he needs .
when a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet mars an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or does he ?
two lovers fail to communicate in the clinch leading to an unconventional climax .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
after goku is made a kid again by the black star dragon balls he goes on a journey to get back to his old self .
martn and mariana are slightly damaged people who live in buildings just opposite one another . while they often don 't notice each other separation might be the very thing that brings them together .
a suspenseful tale about the injustices of the -century english legal system
when bond 's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed is attacked forcing m to relocate the agency . these events cause her authority and position to be challenged by gareth mallory (ralph fiennes ) the new chairman of the intelligence and security committee . with now compromised from both inside and out m is left with one ally she can trust : bond . takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent eve (naomie harris ) - following a trail to the mysterious silva (javier bardem ) whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves .
can a candidate with no political experience and no charisma win an election if he is backed by the political giant prime minister koizumi and his liberal democratic party ? this ...
what appears to be a random kidnapping becomes something more sinister when secret service agent jeremy reins discovers he 's being used as a pawn in a terrorist plot . watching the clock tick down to an unknown catastrophe jeremy is forced by his captors to listen to the outside world on the brink of collapse knowing that the only way to save the people he loves is to divulge a secret that he has sworn to protect .
a documentary that follows a billionaire couple as they begin construction on a mansion inspired by versailles . during the next two years their empire fueled by the real estate bubble and cheap money falters due to the economic crisis .
in the town of blithe hollow norman babcock is a boy who can speak to the dead but no one besides his eccentric new friend neil believes his ability is real . one day norman 's estranged eccentric uncle tells him of an important annual ritual he must take up to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch it condemned centuries ago . eventually norman decides to cooperate but things don 't go according to plan . now a magic storm of the witch threatens blithe hollow as the accursed dead rise . together with unexpected new companions norman struggles to save his town only to discover the horrific truth of the curse . with that insight norman must resolve the crisis for good as only he can .
the story of a young girl in north london whose life changes after witnessing a violent attack .
in manhattan a bike messenger picks up an envelope that attracts the interest of a dirty cop who pursues the cyclist throughout the city .
in in franklin county virginia forrest bondurant is a legend as immortal after surviving the war . together with his brothers howard and the coward jack the bondurant family has a distillery and bootlegging business . when the corrupt district attorney mason wardell arrives in franklin with the unscrupulous special deputy charles rakes the bondurant family refuses to pay the required bribe to the authorities . rakes pursues the brothers and unsuccessfully tries to find their distillery . meanwhile forrest hires the waitress maggie a woman with a hidden past in chicago and they fall in love with each other . jack courts the preacher 's daughter bertha minnix and deals a great load of alcoholic liquor with the powerful gangster floyd banner . jack shows off in franklin attracting the attention of rakes that finds the location of their distillery . when he kills the crippled cricket pete the locals join forces to face the corrupt authorities .
after the events at lake victoria the pre -historic school of blood -thirsty piranhas make their way into a newly opened waterpark .
a burgeoning stand -up comedian struggles with the stress of a stalled career a stale relationship and the wild spurts of severe sleepwalking he is desperate to ignore .
in the early sixto rodriguez was a detroit folksinger who had a short -lived recording career with only two well received but non -selling albums . unknown to rodriguez his musical story continued in south africa where he became a pop music icon and inspiration for generations . long rumored there to be dead by suicide a few fans in the decided to seek out the truth of their hero 's fate . what follows is a bizarrely heartening story in which they found far more in their quest than they ever hoped while a detroit construction laborer discovered that his lost artistic dreams came true after all .
during a secretive business trip away mark learns that his wife anna is growing restless in what he believed was their happy marriage . upon his return home he learns from her that she wants a divorce . they both go through a series of different emotions related to their situation mark 's which is generally obsessive about learning why anna who he still loves wants the divorce and anna 's which is generally increasingly histrionic in getting away from mark . caught in the middle is their infant son bob who mark uses as a gage to anna 's mental state . anna states that her want for the divorce is not because of another man but mark finds out that anna has a lover named heinrich . in the meantime mark also meets bob 's teacher helen who looks exactly like anna but is her polar opposite in temperament . starting a relationship with helen lessens his obsession with anna . but as mark and anna 's encounters together reach more emotional and violent levels mark with help of a private investigative firm learns that anna 's love life is not all that it appears . anna 's true obsession has a somewhat gruesome process and nothing will stop her from reaching her end goal .
a comedy that follows nine very different couples on the night they conceive showing that sex can sometimes be more neurotic than erotic .
in a horrific triple child murder was discovered in west memphis arkansas but the reaction to it precipitated a horror of its own . this film follows up on the story of the three boys called the west memphis three who were convicted for this crime with questionable evidence . for years the boys ' fate sparked a mass movement striving to prove their innocence while the state is equally determined to avoid admitting it could have been wrong . through the swirl of new evidence and suspects the three tell their own tale about enduring this injustice against the opinions of the victim 's families in a debate that eventually came to an inadequate resolution .
on the night of one of their old high school friend 's wedding three irresponsible and capricious bridesmaids reunite for one last bachelorette bacchanal in the big apple . they unintentionally create a mess of their best friend becky 's wedding dress before she marries her sweetheart dale . they attempt to repair the situation by spending the evening before and morning of the wedding desperate to get the dress to becky on time before the wedding starts whilst discovering themselves and what they truly want from their lives along the way .
the barden bellas are a collegiate all -girls a cappella singing group thriving on female pop songs and their perfect looks . after a disastrous failing at last year 's finals they are forced to regroup . among the new recruits is freshman beca an independent aspiring dj with no interest in the college life . but after she meets jesse from the rival all -male a cappella group beca has a new outlook and takes it upon herself to help the bellas find their new look and sound and get back into the competition .
fictionalized account based on the actions of serial killer dennis nilsen .
filmed over nearly five years in twenty -five countries on five continents and shot on seventy -millimetre film samsara transports us to the varied worlds of sacred grounds disaster zones industrial complexes and natural wonders .
in when the mob wants to get rid of someone the target is sent into the past where a hired gun awaits - someone like joe - who one day learns the mob wants to 'close the loop ' by sending back joe 's future self for assassination .
while still in his teens donny (adam sandler ) fathered a son todd (andy samberg ) and raised him as a single parent up until todd 's birthday . now after not seeing each other for years todd 's world comes crashing down on the eve of his wedding when an uninvited donny suddenly shows up . trying desperately to reconnect with his son donny is now forced to deal with the repercussions of his bad parenting skills .
a parapsychologist team are asked to investigate apartment . the white family who have lost their wife /mother in a car crash have been experiencing strange things since they moved in to the apartment . but they were also experiencing things at their old place . after the team set up their equipment they get some compelling evidence on camera .
set in the near future an ex -jewel thief receives a gift from his son : a robot butler programmed to look after him . but soon the two companions try their luck as a heist team .
ai weiwei : never sorry is the first feature -length film about the internationally renowned chinese artist and activist ai weiwei . in recent years ai has garnered international attention as much for his ambitious artwork as his political provocations . ai weiwei : never sorry examines this complex intersection of artistic practice and social activism as seen through the life and art of china 's preeminent contemporary artist . from to beijing -based journalist and filmmaker alison klayman gained unprecedented access to ai weiwei . klayman documented ai 's artistic process in preparation for major museum exhibitions his intimate exchanges with family members and his increasingly public clashes with the chinese government . klayman 's detailed portrait of the artist provides a nuanced exploration of contemporary china and one of its most compelling public figures .
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called "the hive " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab "animals" that they were studying . the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit where they meet alice who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . the military team must shut down the computer and get out fighting their way past zombies mutants and the computer itself before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . alice must also come to terms with her slowly -returning memories .
dumped by her boyfriend just three weeks before their wedding lola enlists her close friends for a series of adventures she hopes will help her come to terms with approaching as a single woman .
in april during the napoleonic wars h .m.s. surprise a british frigate is under the command of captain jack aubrey . aubrey and the surprise 's current orders are to track and capture or destroy a french privateer named acheron . the acheron is currently in the atlantic off south america headed toward the pacific in order to extend napoleon 's reach of the wars . this task will be a difficult one as aubrey quickly learns in an initial battle with the acheron that it is a bigger and faster ship than the surprise which puts the surprise at a disadvantage . aubrey 's single -mindedness in this seemingly impossible pursuit puts him at odds with the surprise 's doctor and naturalist stephen maturin who is also aubrey 's most trusted advisor on board and closest friend . facing other internal obstacles which have resulted in what they consider a string of bad luck aubrey ultimately uses maturin 's scientific exploits to figure out a way to achieve his and the ship 's seemingly impossible goal .
the future america is an irradiated waste land . on its east coast running from boston to washington dc lies mega city one - a vast violent metropolis where criminals rule the chaotic streets . the only force of order lies with the urban cops called "judges" who possess the combined powers of judge jury and instant executioner . known and feared throughout the city dredd is the ultimate judge challenged with ridding the city of its latest scourge - a dangerous drug epidemic that has users of "slo-mo" experiencing reality at a fraction of its normal speed . during a routine day on the job dredd is assigned to train and evaluate cassandra anderson a rookie with powerful psychic abilities thanks to a genetic mutation . a heinous crime calls them to a neighborhood where fellow judges rarely dare to venture - a storey vertical slum controlled by prostitute turned drug lord ma -ma and her ruthless clan . when they capture one of the clan 's inner circle ma -ma overtakes the compound 's control center and wages a dirty vicious war against the judges that proves she will stop at nothing to protect her empire . with the body count climbing and no way out dredd and anderson must confront the odds and engage in the relentless battle for their survival .
like a tale spun by scheherazade kismet follows the remarkable and repeated changes of fortune that engulf a poor poet . it all happens in one incredible day when kismet (fate) takes a hand .
in south central los angeles street cops brian and mike are partners - balls -out cowboys patrolling the streets as latino gangs are in a power struggle with blacks . brian and mike get lucky a couple of times making big drug and human -trafficking busts so a mexican cartel orders their deaths . we meet mike 's pregnant wife (whom he married out of high school ) and watch brian 's search for a soul mate . there are internal squabbles within the ranks of the lapd and lots of squad -car conversation . can the lads escape the cartel 's murderous reach ?
a pov found footage horror film from the perspective of america 's top genre filmmakers . a group of misfits are hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house in the countryside and acquire a rare tape . upon searching the house the guys are confronted with a dead body a hub of old televisions and an endless supply of cryptic footage each video stranger than the last .
an introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world .
lucas is a kindergarten teacher who takes great care of his students . unfortunately for him young klara has a run -away imagination and concocts a lie about her teacher . before lucas is even able to understand the consequences he has become the outcast of the town . the hunt is on to prove his innocence before it 's taken from him for good .
we see a few seconds of a black and white silent art film . there is a dark movie theater filled with people watching this film . the camera mostly remains on the audience . cut to a man sleeping on twin bed with a sleeping dog next to another empty twin bed with the same sheets . he gets up and looks out the window and we see he is next to an airport . one of the walls is covered in wallpaper with skinny bare trees . he puts his ear to the wall . there is a hole in the wall and he looks through it but we don 't know if he can see anything . he has a metal instrument on the middle finger of his right hand . he sticks the instrument into the hole in the wall . his hand shakes a little and he turns the instrument . this allows him to open a door in the wall . the dog joins him as he steps through the door . there is a set of double doors and he steps through them . it seems as though he has stepped through the fire exit on the balcony of a movie theater presumably the theatre that the film opened in . the balcony is empty but the lower part of the theater is full . cut to a new scene ; daytime a house a family outside . the bids farewell to his children as he leaves for work . the man walks to a limo . the driver celine is waiting for him . the man 's name is mr . oscar .
in the three sisters form a girl group and soon become local sensations with major label interest but fame becomes a challenge as the close -knit family begins to fall apart .
the retired cia agent bryan mills invites his teenage daughter kim and his ex -wife lenore who has separated from her second husband to spend a couple of days in istanbul where he is working . meanwhile the patriarch of the community of the albanian gang of human trafficking murad krasniqi seeks revenge for the death of his son and organizes another gang to kidnap bryan and his family . bryan and lenore are abducted by the albanians but kim escapes and is the only hope that bryan has to escape and save lenore .
the object of paperboy is to deliver papers to your customers while inflicting as much damage as possible to the houses of your non -customers. to make things more difficult numerous obstacles get in your way including construction workers rogue tires skateboarders dogs and cats cars and even the occasional tornado .
in the british princess caroline is betrothed to the mad king christian vii of denmark but her life with the erratic monarch in the oppressive country becomes an isolating misery . however christian soon gains a fast companion with the german dr . johann struensee a quietly idealistic man of the enlightenment . as the only one who can influence the king struensee is able to begin sweeping enlightened reforms of denmark through christian even as caroline falls for the doctor . however their secret affair proves a tragic mistake that their conservative enemies use to their advantage in a conflict that threatens to claim more than just the lovers as their victims .
the norwegian explorer thor heyerdahl crossed the pacific ocean in a balsawood raft in together with five men to prove that south americans back in pre -columbian times could have crossed the ocean and settled on polynesian islands . after financing the trips with loans and donations they set off on an epic -day-long trip across kilometers while the world was waiting for the result of the trip . the film tells about the origin of the idea the preparations and the events on the trip . the "kon-tiki" was named after the inca sun god viracocha and "kon-tiki" is an old name for this god . heyerdahl filmed the expedition which later became the academy award winning documentary in and he wrote a book about the expedition that was translated into languages and sold more than millions copies around the world . heyerdahl believed that people from south america could have settled polynesia in pre -columbian times although most anthropologists now believe they did not . anyway he proved that it was possible by using only the materials and technologies available to those people at that time . the trip took days over miles across the pacific ocean before the "kon-tiki" crashed onto the dangerous reefs outside raroia in the tuamotu islands on august . all crewmen survived and the "kon-tiki" was taken back to norway . she is now featured in the kon -tiki museum .
a documentary on the life music and legacy of bob marley .
washed -up true -crime writer ellison oswalt finds a box of super home movies that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose work dates back to the .
in dracula builds a resort in transylvania hidden from the humans to raise his beloved daughter mavis in a safe environment . in the present the place is the hotel transylvania where monsters bring their families to vacation far from the frightening humans . dracula invites his friends - frankenstein and his wife eunice ; wayne and wanda the werewolves ; griffin the invisible man ; murray the mummy ; bigfoot among others - to celebrate the birthday of mavis . when the party is ready to start the -year-old jonathan is walking through the forest and stumbles upon the hotel . dracula sees jonathan and disguises him as a monster to hide jonathan from the guests . but mavis also sees jonathan and dracula forces him to pose as a monster . soon mavis believes that jonathan is the "zing" of her life despite the advice of her father about humans .
the documentary investigates the history process and workflow of both digital and photochemical film creation .
the story of a family troupe of english actors in india . they travel around the towns and villages giving performances of shakespearean plays . through their travels we see the changing face ...
acting under the cover of a hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film a cia agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six americans in tehran during the u .s. hostage crisis in iran in .
a struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the los angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster 's beloved shih tzu .
thirty -five year old jesse fisher an admissions officer at a new york city post -secondary institution he who loves english and literature has somewhat lost his passion in life which includes recently being unceremoniously dumped by his latest girlfriend who could no longer be the person to prop him up emotionally . he has a chance to find that passion again when he is invited to the retirement dinner of his second favorite ohio university college professor peter hoberg as his time there was when his life held the most passion . jesse 's encounters with five people there may determine if he does find that passion again . they are : hoberg who is resisting the notion of retirement ; judith fairfield jesse 's favorite professor although for a different reason than his like of hoberg ; nat a free spirit who navigates life at the institution on his own terms ; undergraduate student dean who jesse sees as a younger more destructive version of himself ; and nineteen year old undergraduate student zibby who is seemingly wise beyond her years and with who jesse embarks on a relationship despite their sixteen year age difference .
from the dealer to the narcotics officer the inmate to the federal judge a penetrating look inside america 's criminal justice system revealing the profound human rights implications of u .s. drug policy .
west of memphis is an examination of a failure of justice in arkansas . the documentary tells the hitherto unknown story behind an extraordinary and desperate fight to bring the truth to light . told and made by those who lived it the filmmakers ' unprecedented access to the inner workings of the defense allows the film to show the investigation research and appeals process in a way that has never been seen before ; revealing shocking and disturbing new information about a case that still haunts the american south .
for tes (akerman) and her two cohorts kara (nikki reed ) and dawn (deborah ann woll ) the job sounded simple enough : intercept a double -cross drug shipment for their crime boss mel (willis) at an isolated diner . but when an unstoppable chain of events unfolds everyone soon realizes no one is who they seem and the job may be something other than eliminating the competition . what started as simple instructions has now turned into a deadly cat -and-mouse game - with large guns pointed at everyone .
a thriller centered on a serial killer in a rundown london suburb .
in the early years of the aids epidemic the disease was considered a death sentence affecting communities like the lgbt ones whom many in power felt deserved it . this film tells the story of how militant activists like act -up and tag pushed for a meaningful response to this serious public health problem . as the activists struggled against political indifference religious hostility corporate greed and apparently skewed scientific research priorities with determination and sheer audacity they produced a political wave that would lead to not only an effective treatment regime but would advance lgbt rights beyond anyone 's expectations .
director michael apted revisits the same group of british -born adults after a year wait . the subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years .
dr . alex cross is on his last police duty to track down an assassin called picasso who 's been torturing and killing rich businessmen in detroit . soon when the mission gets personal cross is pushed to the edge of his moral and psychological limits to end this once and for all .
taking advantage of a case of mistaken identity slobodan is drawn into the family conflicts of a bosnian migrant in melbourne .
an exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past present and future as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution .
in -depth documentary about the history of the hellboy comic book the history of the character and the making of the movie adaptation of the same name .
pumping iron the film that turned the obscure sport of male bodybuilding into an overnight phenomenon and made arnold schwarzenegger a star broke the ground . now experience pumping iron ii : the women a film that is changing the way the world views the female physique -creating "a new definition of the female form ." join four women as they prepare for the caesars palace world cup championship : the sultry and curvaceous rachel mclish the current champion ; the almost manly super -muscular bev francis rachel 's toughest competition ; and newcomers lori bowen and carla dunlap . four women who have devoted their lives to the pursuit of their conception of the "perfect" female form spending grueling hours torturing themselves on nautilus machines and browning themselves under tanning lamps . learn their personal struggles and public triumphs that make up their unique world as they struggle both with their bodies ' limitations and the world 's limitations on what that body ought to look like . if muscles make a man "masculine" what do they make a woman ?
somewhere in afghanistan or elsewhere in a country torn apart by a war ... a young woman in her thirties watches over her older husband in a decrepit room . he is reduced to the state of a vegetable because of a bullet in the neck . not only is he abandoned by his companions of the jihad but also by his brothers . one day the woman decides to tell the truth to him about her feelings about their relationship to her silent husband . she talks about her childhood her suffering her frustrations her loneliness her dreams her desires ... she says things she could never have done before even though they have been married for the past years . therefore this paralyzed man unconsciously becomes syngue sabour a magic stone which according to persian mythology when placed in front of a person shields her from unhappiness suffering pains and miseries . in this wait for her husband to come back to life the woman struggles to survive and live . she finds refuge in her aunt 's place who is a prostitute and the only relative who understands her . the woman seeks to free herself from suffering through the words she delivers audaciously to her husband . but after weeks looking after him she will actually reveal herself in the relationship she starts with a young soldier ...
a high school biology teacher looks to become a successful mixed -martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to prevent extra -curricular activities from being axed at his cash -strapped school .
a charismatic crazy hothead transforms a family 's life when she becomes the nanny of five girls whose mother has cracked from her husband 's political ambitions and his infidelity .
jackie cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a mob protected card game causing the local criminal economy to collapse .
plagued by the memory of his missing lover guy unwittingly becomes entwined in the very conspiracy he had been trying to uncover .
high -priced call girl lee churchill is examining her life via therapy "sessions". her double -life is unknown to her parents sister and 'straight' man with whom she falls in love .
what richard did follows richard karlsen golden -boy athlete and undisputed alpha -male of his privileged set of south dublin teenagers through the summer between the end of school and the beginning of university . the world is bright and everything seems possible until in one summer night richard does something that destroys it all and shatters the lives of the people closest to him . what richard did is a quietly devastating study of a boy confronting the gap between who he thought he was and who he proves to be .
a video game villain wants to be a hero and sets out to fulfill his dream but his quest brings havoc to the whole arcade where he lives .
against medical advice and without the knowledge of her husband pat solatano sr . caring dolores solatano discharges her adult son pat solatano jr . from a maryland mental health institution after his minimum eight month court ordered stint . the condition of the release includes pat jr . moving back in with his parents in their philadelphia home . although pat jr .'s institutionalization was due to him beating up the lover of his wife nikki he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder . nikki has since left him and has received a restraining order against him . although he is on medication (which he doesn 't take because of the way it makes him feel ) and has mandatory therapy sessions pat jr . feels like he can manage on the outside solely by healthy living and looking for the "silver linings " in his life . his goals are to get his old job back as a substitute teacher but more importantly reunite with nikki . he finds there are certain instances where he doesn 't cope well however no less so than some others who have never been institutionalized such as his philadelphia eagles obsessed father who has resorted to being a bookie to earn a living his best friend ronnie who quietly seethes over the control wielded by his wife veronica and veronica 's widowed sister tiffany maxwell a girl with problems of her own . in their fragile mental states pat jr . and tiffany embark on a love /hate friendship based primarily on what help the other can provide in achieving their individual goals . but they may reevaluate their goals as their relationship progresses .
an airline pilot saves almost all his passengers on his malfunctioning airliner which eventually crashed but an investigation into the accident reveals something troubling .
in late russian high society st . petersburg aristocrat anna karenina enters into a life -changing affair with the dashing count alexei vronsky .
in canada a writer visits the indian storyteller pi patel and asks him to tell his life story . pi tells the story of his childhood in pondicherry india and the origin of his nickname . one day his father a zoo owner explains that the municipality is no longer supporting the zoo and he has hence decided to move to canada where the animals the family owns would also be sold . they board on a japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue there is a storm followed by a shipwrecking . pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra an orangutan a hyena and a male bengal tiger nicknamed richard parker . they are adrift in the pacific ocean with aggressive hyena and richard parker getting hungry . pi needs to find a way to survive .
this film is about pauline a young woman who lives with her family and her younger sister grace who has cystic fibrosis . pauline has some delusions of being a great surgeon and she also has some horrific dreams that she actually finds "stimulating" to say the least . her family put up with her delusions and her school classmates find her annoying . but as this is all happening around her she has a plan a plan that will leave them all shocked and some people may not survive .
a reluctant reunion of two estranged sisters . one is on the verge of marriage ; the other is on the verge of a nervous breakdown . both struggle with truths they 're hiding from each other - and from themselves . jenny has rejected her tumultuous family and cut off communication seeking a more ordered life far from her roots in the bronx . and she 's almost ready to commit to her longtime fianc when her sister lucy - the personification of all that jenny has been trying to flee - surprises her at a critical time . lucy and jenny 's combustible reunion brings both of them to unforeseen places shattering and reconstructing the worlds they have both carefully constructed .
several alumni reminisce about their final year at st . theresa 's college and the events that shaped their lives .
georges and anne are a couple of retired music teachers enjoying life in their eighties . however anne suddenly has a stroke at breakfast and their lives are never the same . that incident begins anne 's harrowingly steep physical and mental decline as georges attempts to care for her at home as she wishes . even as the fruits of their lives and career remain bright the couple 's hopes for some dignity prove a dispiriting struggle even as their daughter enters the conflict . in the end george with his love fighting against his own weariness and diminished future on top of anne 's is driven to make some critical decisions for them both .
because too much is never enough ! the complete cast and crew of jackass return with an all -new unrated movie . loaded with over an hour of outrageous bonus footage get all of the ...
a documentary that follows the journeys of indie game developers as they create games and release those works and themselves to the world .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
the newly appointed ceo of a giant european investment bank works to hold on to his power when an american hedge fund company tries to buy out his company .
in as the american civil war winds inexorably toward conclusion u .s. president abraham lincoln endeavors to achieve passage of the landmark constitutional amendment which will forever ban slavery from the united states . however his task is a race against time for peace may come at any time and if it comes before the amendment is passed the returning southern states will stop it before it can become law . lincoln must by almost any means possible obtain enough votes from a recalcitrant congress before peace arrives and it is too late . yet the president is torn as an early peace would save thousands of lives . as the nation confronts its conscience over the freedom of its entire population lincoln faces his own crisis of conscience -- end slavery or end the war .
polar -opposite brothers randy and kirk never saw eye -to-eye but their rivalry is taken to a new level when randy hijacks kirk 's son 's sleepover taking the boys on a scout trip to remember .
in manhattan the vampires goody and stacy share an apartment and work and study in the night -shift. goody was turned in vampire in by the evil cisserus who turned stacy in the and they became best friends but goody never told her real age to her friend . they only drink mice blood and refuse to drink human blood and they go together to the vampire anonymous . stacy falls in love with her classmate joey and soon she learns that he is the son of the vampire slayer dr . van helsing . meanwhile goody meets her former passion danny in the hospital where his wife is terminal . when stacy gets pregnant goody knows that the only way that the child can survive is killing cisserus since they would revert to their human ages . but nobody knows here her lair is .
the night before their high school reunion a group of friends realize they still haven 't quite grown up in some ways .
when the evil spirit pitch launches an assault on earth the immortal guardians team up to protect the innocence of children all around the world .
a crime novelist whose research on victorian serial killers has turned him into a paranoid wreck must confront his worst fears when a film executive takes a sudden interest in his movie script .
after a heist of a casino the criminal addison and his sister liza are on the run to canada with their driver /accomplice theo . out of the blue theo hits a deer and loses control of the car that leaves the road and overturns . theo dies and addison kills a patrolman that comes to help them . then he splits the money with liza and tells his sister to get a ride to the border while he will cross the woods . addison leaves a trail of blood in his runaway . meanwhile the former boxer jay who was arrested for losing a fight is released from prison on probation and calls his mother june mills that lives in an isolated house with his estranged father chet mills that was the former sheriff . june invites her son for the thanksgiving dinner but he goes first to the gym to collect money that his couch owes him . they quarrel and jay hits him and believes that has killed him . he flees and while driving on the road he sees liza and gives a ride to her . soon they fall in love with each other . meanwhile sheriff marshall t . becker is hunting addison with his men but he does not allow that his daughter deputy hanna to participate in the hunting party . the thanksgiving will end with all the characters gathering at chet and june 's home .
after being awoken from cryogenic sleep master chief crash lands on a planet infested by aliens known as prometheans .
rebecca 's uncle harry leaves her with aunt miranda who forbids her to associate with show people . but neighbor anthony kent is a talent scout who secretly set it up for her to broadcast .
eddie ellison is an ex -con who spent time in sing -sing prison . kay marries him as soon as he serves his time . five years later eddie and his ex -convict buddy larry have both gone straight ...
after meeting the gal of his dreams on a commuter train an office worker uses a fleet of paper airplanes to get her attention after spying her again in a skyscraper window .
the relationship between alfred hitchcock and his wife alma reville during the filming of psycho in is explored .
in rebibbia prison in italy its inmate theatre program puts on a well received production of william shakespeare 's julius caesar . the film goes back several months earlier as the coordinators announces the play as the program 's production of the year . with that project set we see its creation as the cast is auditioned and selected for this artistic challenge . as they rehearse the prisoners many of whom are long termers and lifers for serious crimes find that the classic play has both a striking resonance and contrast to their confined lives .
a group of yokohama teens look to save their school 's clubhouse from the wrecking ball in preparations for the tokyo olympics .
redline is an auto /action thriller that features an extensive exotic car collection . the movie features a phantom rolls royce lamborghini murcielago enzo ferrari ferrari ferrari scaglietti and two mercedes slr mclaren amgs . a porsche carrera gt is actually crashed during one sequence . eddie griffin accidentally crashed and destroyed the enzo ferrari one of only ever produced . the film follows an ace driver who becomes part of illegal drag racing .
shirley helps her idealistic architect father get his dream of a slum clearance project ; the little miss dances with bill "bojangles" robinson . based on paul gerard smith 's book "lucky penny ".
a group of young police officers infiltrate a sleazy night club in an attempt to apprehend a man named mccoy who is involved in kidnapping and white slavery . the plot twists when one of ...
a survey of the musical form 's history and major talents .
an orphan is provisionally adopted by the manager of a hotel populated by show business people . the hotel 's owner doesn 't like the entertainers and wants the girl returned to the orphanage .
bilbo baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost dwarf kingdom of erebor from the fearsome dragon smaug . approached out of the blue by the wizard gandalf the grey bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior thorin oakenshield . their journey will take them into the wild ; through treacherous lands swarming with goblins and orcs deadly wargs and giant spiders shapeshifters and sorcerers . although their goal lies to the east and the wastelands of the lonely mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels where bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... gollum . here alone with gollum on the shores of an underground lake the unassuming bilbo baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him he also gains possession of gollum 's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of all middle -earth in ways bilbo cannot begin to know .
tough -as-nails adventurer neil stryker faces immeasurable odds in this madcap comedy bloodbath when he comes face to face with an evil cult ! armed with a bag of tricks stryker unleashes the pain on walter the cult leader and his brainwashed followers .
the story of the love affair between fdr and his distant cousin margaret "daisy" suckley centered around the weekend in when the king and queen of the united kingdom visited upstate new york .
in los angeles andy conners works in fearless records selecting new talents . andy is in love and engaged to lauren baker for one year but he is unable to satisfy lauren in bed . further he ...
a portrait of famed chilean singer and folklorist violeta parra filled with her musical work her memories her loves and her hopes .
this sequel to yossi and jagger finds dr . yossi gutmann reminiscing about his love ten years after his death ; however as he encounters a group of young soldiers one of them tom reignites his romantic feelings .
maya is a cia operative whose first experience is in the interrogation of prisoners following the al qaeda attacks against the u .s. on the september . she is a reluctant participant in extreme duress applied to the detainees but believes that the truth may only be obtained through such tactics . for several years she is single -minded in her pursuit of leads to uncover the whereabouts of al qaeda 's leader osama bin laden . finally in it appears that her work will pay off and a u .s. navy seal team is sent to kill or capture bin laden . but only maya is confident bin laden is where she says he is .
after witnessing the brutal murders of a convenience store owner and his son firefighter jeremy coleman barely escapes with his life . as he is forced to testify against the crime lord hagan he is placed in the witness protection program under the watch of the u .s. marshals . when his new identity becomes compromised jeremy is forced to take an unexpected course of action in order to get his life back and save the lives of those he loves .
after a highly unusual zombie saves a still -living girl from an attack the two form a relationship that sets in motion events that might transform the entire lifeless world .
dolph springer wakes up one morning to realize he has lost the love of his life his dog paul . during his quest to get paul (and his life ) back dolph radically changes the lives of others : a pizza -delivering nymphomaniac a jogging -addict neighbor in search of completeness an opportunistic french -mexican gardener and an off -kilter pet detective . in his journey to find paul dolph may lose something even more vital : his mind .
don middleton is so caught up with his work he neglects his wife elsa . lonely elsa begins to spend more time with don 's best friend and they become attracted to one another . don and elsa decide to get a divorce unaware of the effect their problems are having on their daughter molly . when elsa announces plans to remarry molly runs away from home .
the daughter of a wealthy businessman becomes lost in the city while traveling to a new school and is taken in by a pair of down -on-their-luck performers .
in an innocent heartland city five are shot dead by an expert sniper . the police quickly identify and arrest the culprit and build a slam -dunk case . but instead of confessing the accused man writes the words "get jack reacher ." reacher himself sees the news report and turns up in the city . the defense is immensely relieved but reacher has come to bury the guy . shocked at the accused 's request reacher sets out to confirm for himself the absolute certainty of the man 's guilt but comes up with more than he bargained for .
with the help of a german bounty hunter a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal mississippi plantation owner .
pete and debbie are both about to turn their kids hate each other both of their businesses are failing they 're on the verge of losing their house and their relationship is threatening to fall apart .
memedaa "human detector " from outer space happens to meet a depressed man (tangliguo)who just lost his daughter in a car accident . after many challenges and conflictsmemeda and liguo become good partners .
jean valjean known as prisoner is released from prison and breaks parole to create a new life for himself while evading the grip of the persistent inspector javert . set in post -revolutionary france the story reaches resolution against the background of the june rebellion .
cecily reggie and wilfred are in a home for retired musicians . every year on october there is a concert to celebrate verdi 's birthday and they take part . jean who used to be married to reggie arrives at the home and disrupts their equilibrium . she still acts like a diva but she refuses to sing . still the show must go on ... and it does .
president franklin roosevelt appoints a theatrical producer as the new secretary of amusement in order to cheer up an american public still suffering through the depression . the new secretary soon runs afoul of political lobbyists out to destroy his department .
ching -ching gets lost in shanghai and is befriended by american playboy tommy randall . she falls asleep in his car which winds up on a ship headed for america . susan parker also on the ship marries randall to give chin -ching a family .
shirley is the orphaned survivor of an indian attack in the canadian west . a mountie and his girlfriend take her in . everybody suffers further indian attacks and the mountie is saved from ...
desperate to help her ailing brother a young woman unknowingly agrees to compete in a deadly game of "would you rather " hosted by a sadistic aristocrat .
when former black ops operative cross (seagal) and his partner manning (austin) are assigned to decommission an old prison they must oversee the arrival of two mysterious female prisoners ....
the parents of alice a controlled mom agree to take care of her crazy children harper turner and barker because they feel they don 't see their grandchildren enough when alice and her husband phil go on a business trip for phil . but when everything goes downhill they need to find a way to prove to alice phil and themselves that they can be great grandparents .
it 's a drug that promises an out -of-body experience with each hit . on the street they call it soy sauce and users drift across time and dimensions . but some who come back are no longer human . suddenly a silent otherworldly invasion is underway and mankind needs a hero . what it gets instead is john and david a pair of college dropouts who can barely hold down jobs . can these two stop the oncoming horror in time to save humanity ? no . no they can 't.
in five black and latino teenagers from harlem were arrested and later convicted of raping a white woman in new york city 's central park . they spent between and years in prison before a serial rapist confessed that he alone had committed the crime leading to their convictions being overturned . set against a backdrop of a decaying city beset by violence and racial tension the central park five tells the story of that horrific crime the rush to judgment by the police a media clamoring for sensational stories and an outraged public and the five lives upended by this miscarriage of justice .
arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of "the collector " during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful elena to his "collection." instead of recovering from the trauma arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by elena 's wealthy father . arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down the collector 's booby trapped warehouse and save elena .
corporate salesman steve butler (damon) arrives in a rural town with his sales partner sue thomason (mcdormand). with the town having been hit hard by the economic decline of recent years the two outsiders see the local citizens as likely to accept their company 's offer for drilling rights to their properties as much -needed relief . what seems like an easy job for the duo becomes complicated by the objection of a respected schoolteacher (holbrook) with support from a grassroots campaign led by another man (krasinski) who counters steve both personally and professionally .
a woman and her lover who has made a living by running sex scams at hotels decide to enter the big time by kidnapping a computer company owner and demanding million ransom . the two hire a tech wizard and a muscle man who amuses himself by playing russian roulette . things go awry during the kidnapping when a neighbor is killed who turns out to be the wife of a powerful senator . as things develop it turns out that the murder may not have been as accidental as it originally appeared . slowly things unveil to not to be everything that was originally thought .
a recently outed soap opera actor crosses paths with a recently divorced gay marriage activist forcing them to confront the price of fame and the fickle nature of celebrity within the gay community .
a short film wherein a man working in a morgue mutilates and defiles one of the corpses . he takes the heart home to his dog .
a young eastern european immigrant working in sweden is faced with a painful choice when she 's laid off from her factory in the name of efficiencies .
it 's los angeles and gangster mickey cohen has moved in with the intention of controlling all criminal activity in the city . he has bought local judges and police and no one is willing to cross him or testify against him . everyone except seargant john o 'mara a former world war ii soldier whose goal is to settle with his family in a peaceful los angeles . police chief william parker decides to form a special unit whose mission is to take down cohen and chooses o 'mara to lead the unit . o 'mara chooses cops and asks another cop and vet jerry wooters to join him but wooters is not interested . but when he witnesses the murder of a young boy by cohen 's people he joins them and they decide to take apart cohen 's organization . cohen wonders if a rival is going after him but eventually he realizes it 's the cops .
a former weather underground activist goes on the run from a journalist who has discovered his identity .
bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche in this new feature film version of don hertzfeldt 's animated short film trilogy .
an examination of the lives needs troubles and hopes of prostitutes in thailand bangladesh and mexico .
ginger baker looks back on his musical career with cream and blind faith ; his introduction to fela kuti ; his self -destructive patterns and losses of fortune ; and his current life inside a fortified south african compound .
the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker .
a documentary about legendary songwriter and 's icon paul williams .
of all of pop culture 's mainstays no media property created after the golden age of hollywood has had more influence and staying power than the james bond franchise . this film covers the story of that creation from the imagination of ian fleming seeking an escape from his boring intelligence job . from that literary success we follow the creation of the film series under the producer team of broccoli & saltzman as it became a media sensation in the . as the franchise dealt with changing actors legal conflict with writer kevin mcclory and the growing internal schisms with the producers it has its greatest challenge : the changing times . despite this bond has proven as incredible adapting to them as his adventures as the greatest of the spies .
the senior partner of an investment brokerage jeffrey desange has a breakdown due to a financial collapse and kills several co -workers and his estranged wife . he then kidnaps his two young daughters victoria and lilly just . he drives his car recklessly through a winding snow covered road . he loses control of his car and drives off an embankment . he finds an abandoned and isolated cabin where he plans to kill his daughters but the children are saved by a dark ghostly image . after five years of searching and depleting his savings jeffrey 's twin brother lucas finds the children that were raised without social interaction and claim that they have been raised by 'mama'. lucas disputes the custody with the children 's great aunt but dr . dreyfuss who is working with the girls helps lucas get custody of the girls so that he can still have access to them . lucas his girlfriend annabel victoria and lilly move into a house provided by the institute that dr . dreyfuss works for . lucas and annabel soon find out that the girls have brought mama with them and their lives are in grave danger .
kris is attacked one night and hypnotized using a grub with hypnotic properties administered by a thief . she follows the thief 's instructions to give him everything even taking out loans . after the worms are extracted she wakes up to find her life ruined . she 's lost her job her finances are destroyed . years later she meets jeff whom she may have a lot in common with .
in the ira member collette is arrested in the london tube after leaving a bomb in the facility . mi agent mac offers a deal to collette to become an informer . she accepts the agreement to protect her son and in return mac offers a new identity to her after a period working for the mi soon mac learns that his superior kate fletcher is using collette to protect her mole inside the irish organization . mac tries to find the identity of the informer and protect collette .
it 's and new york city is in a state of intense flux when documentary filmmaker erik rothman (thure lindhardt ) first meets paul lucy (zachary booth ) a handsome but closeted lawyer in the publishing field . what begins as a highly charged first encounter soon becomes something much more and a relationship quickly develops . as the two men start building a home and life together each continues to privately battle their own compulsions and addictions . a film about sex friendship intimacy and most of all love keep the lights on takes an honest look at the nature of relationships in our times .
raised in the tennessee mountains wayne white started his career as a cartoonist in nyc . he quickly found success as one of the creators of the pee -wee's playhouse tv show which soon led to more work design some of the most arresting and iconic images in pop culture . recently his word paintings featuring pithy and and often sarcastic text statements finely crafted onto vintage landscape paintings have made him a darling of the fine art world . the movie chronicles the vaulted highs and crushing lows of an artist struggling to find peace and balance between his professional work and his personal art . this is especially complicated for a man who struggles with the virtues he most often mocks in his art ...vanity ego and fame .
a documentary on the modeling industry 's 'supply chain ' between siberia japan and the u .s. told through the experiences of the scouts agencies and a -year-old model .
ineffectual 'has-been' film -maker (dennis quaid ) swindles his way into an interview with a film executive (greg kinnear ) in order to pitch an outrageous and controversial comedy manuscript . after pitching the first of his thirteen offbeat fables the dejected artist forces the rest of his disjointed allegory on the executive at gunpoint . he tells stories of a woman on a blind date with a man who has testicles growing from his neck in another a smitten woman offers her neck to her boyfriend to 'poop' on -as a sign of commitment and love . in yet another two parents take home -schooling to a whole new level of indecency striving to give their isolated teenage son all the 'regular' torment and humiliation of puberty by bullying peer -pressuring and even seducing him themselves . an off -beat elephant -in-the-room type film .
philosopher slavoj zizek examines the hidden themes and existential questions asked by world renowned films .
chris wants to show girlfriend tina his world but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn .
in this modern retelling of the classic horror tale teen siblings are enslaved by a psychotic recluse within her gruesome house of horrors in the woods .
when a college piano prodigy tries to check his mother into rehab he is taken hostage by her drug dealer and swept along on a wild adventure .
a band of bullfighting dwarfs save the life of a young woman with amnesia . they end up taking her under their wing when they find out that she has seemingly natural skills as a bullfighter upon which they can capitalize not only for their act but for her own personal gain . as she does not know her name or background the dwarfs coin her blancanieves after the famed fairy tale . what they are all unaware of is that she is really carmen the daughter of the once great matador antonio villalta . on the day carmen was born her father suffered a career ending accident and her mother died in childbirth . her father quickly remarried his nurse the evil encarna . although raised by her grandmother during her early years carmen following the death of her grandmother went to live with encarna while an adolescent encarna who treated her as a slave . carmen eventually found her disabled father who was hidden away and treated poorly by encarna . in the meantime encarna was cavorting with the household chauffeur while living off her husband 's riches . antonio did pass along to carmen the art of bullfighting . as blancanieves teeters on the brink of fame as a matador her life may be placed in jeopardy if encarna learns who she is as encarna believed carmen was dead since she was the one who ordered her murder at the hands of the chauffeur .
a man is released from prison after serving ten years for murdering an elderly woman . he quickly begins to feel the compulsion to kill again . after failing to murder a cab driver he flees and discovers a secluded rural home where a young woman lives with her sick mother and disabled brother . he then begins to take out his sadistic pleasures on them attempting to hold them hostage while thinking of his troubled childhood with his abusive mother and grandmother ...
a pair of aging stickup men try to get the old gang back together for one last hurrah before one of the guys takes his last assignment - to kill his comrade .
in uganda a new bill threatens to make homosexuality punishable by death . david kato - uganda 's first openly gay man - and his fellow activists work against the clock to defeat the ...
a young woman 's world unravels when a drug prescribed by her psychiatrist has unexpected side effects .
sandy patterson (jason bateman ) gets a nice call confirming his name and other identifying information . the next thing he knows a spa in florida is reminding him of his appointment and his credit cards are maxed out . with his identity stolen sandy leaves his wife kids and job to literally bring the thief to justice in colorado . keeping tabs on the other sandy (melissa mccarthy ) and run -ins with bounty hunters is harder than he was expecting and ultimately the cross -country trip is going to find both sandys learning life tips from one another .
the second war against the cylons is over and the twelve colonies have been destroyed . now commander adama of the battlestar galatica and president laura roslin lead a ragtag fleet of refugees in a supposed search for the fabled lost thirteenth colony earth . however the dangers they face are many which compound an already difficult situation . in addition to the cylons hunting and attacking the fleet in space and their infiltrator units carrying out sabotage -even as their former unwitting pawn gaius baltar helps in the hunt for them while hiding both his own guilt and the strange presence that haunts his every thought the fleet also faces internal political conflict in which the rabble -rousing figure tom zarek is merely the loudest dissenting voice not to mention recurring shortages of food water and even oxygen . in the midst of these trials however clues begin to appear to suggest that adama 's bluff about finding earth might hold more truthful than anyone could have guessed .
teenager ethan wate is obsessed with his urge to finish high school and go on to college in order to leave the small town of gatlin south carolina behind until a mysterious girl begins to inhabit his dreams . when he meets lena duchannes a newcomer who has just enrolled in his school ethan knows she is the girl in his dreams . lena is rejected by the rest of her classmates for being the granddaughter of macon ravenwood whom the town 's superstitious residents consider to be a devil -worshiper. but ethan gives her a ride anyway and they fall in love . lena reveals to her new boyfriend that she is a witch and that on her sixteenth birthday she will be claimed by either the forces of light or of darkness . she will remain in the light but only if she does not remain in love with ethan . to make matters worse her evil mother sarafine is casting spells to push lena to the dark side . ethan joins her in a search to find a magic spell to save their doomed love . will the lovers succeed ?
iconoclastic take -no-prisoners cop john mcclane for the first time finds himself on foreign soil after traveling to moscow to help his wayward son jack - unaware that jack is really a highly -trained cia operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist . with the russian underworld in pursuit and battling a countdown to war the two mcclanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes .
ruhi singh is a small town girl with big city dreams . she sets off to bombay to win the title of miss india --a launching pad to fame and a surefire way to stand out in a country of billion people . just hours from the miss india beauty boot camp is another training ground for girls --that of the durga vahini a hindu nationalist group exclusively for women . here we meet prachi trivedi a young fearsome drill sergeant training indian girls to fight against western culture islam and christianity by any means necessary including violence . gliding back and forth between the action of the two camps the dreams and conflicts of india and young indian women are laid bare -- the two opposing worlds aren 't as far away from each other as they seem .
when a mysterious young woman named katie appears in the small north carolina town of southport her sudden arrival raises questions about her past . beautiful yet self -effacing katie seems determined to avoid forming personal ties until a series of events draws her into two reluctant relationships : one with alex a widowed store owner with a kind heart and two young children ; and another with her plainspoken single neighbor jo . despite her reservations katie slowly begins to let down her guard putting down roots in the close -knit community and becoming increasingly attached to alex and his family . but even as katie begins to fall in love she struggles with the dark secret that still haunts and terrifies her . . . a past that set her on a fearful shattering journey across the country to the sheltered oasis of southport . with jo 's empathic and stubborn support katie eventually realizes that she must choose between a life of transient safety and one of riskier rewards . . . and that in the darkest hour love is the only true safe haven .
focuses on life and the environment in both the arctic and antarctic .
a documentary which challenges former indonesian death -squad leaders to reenact their mass -killings in whichever cinematic genres they wish including classic hollywood crime scenarios and lavish musical numbers .
a subjective documentary that explores the numerous theories about the hidden meanings within 'stanley kubrick (i)' 's kubrick ''s film the shining the film may be over years old but it continues to inspire debate speculation and mystery . five very different points of view are illuminated through voice over film clips animation and dramatic reenactments . together they 'll draw the audience into a new maze one with endless detours and dead ends many ways in but no way out .
we meet jesse and celine nine years on in greece . almost two decades have passed since their first meeting on that train bound for vienna .
an intellectual freedoms documentary based around the interpersonal triumphs and defeats of the three main characters against the largest industry in the known universe . the media industry .
focused around the sexuality of men following occasional recurring characters and their personal exploration of sex .
sent to the market by his uncle to sell their horse and buy thatch for their roof jack meets the beautiful princess isabelle whom he rescues her from ruffians . he returns home only with a handful of beans given to him by a monk who claimed they were sacred but that does little to impress his uncle who tosses them away . in the night the princess arrives having run off to keep from marrying roderick who is clearly only interested in becoming king . soon the beans take root with a giant stalk carrying away the princess and jack 's house . he soon sets off on an adventure with the king 's guards to rescue the princess only to find that a mythical land filled with giants really exists .
an enterprising saudi girl signs on for her school 's koran recitation competition as a way to raise the remaining funds she needs in order to buy the green bicycle that has captured her interest .
based on the successful toy series by hasbro gi joe is the code name for an elite strike force comprising of personnel from all branches of the united states military . their primary purpose is be a counterforce to the huge terrorist organization called cobra which is gunning for world domination .
india stoker (mia wasikowska ) was not prepared to lose her father and best friend richard (dermot mulroney ) in a tragic auto accident . the solitude of her woodsy family estate the peace of her tranquil town and the unspoken somberness of her home life are suddenly upended by not only this mysterious accident but by the sudden arrival of her uncle charlie (matthew goode ) whom she never knew existed . when charlie moves in with her and her emotionally unstable mother evie (nicole kidman ) india thinks the void left by her father 's death is finally being filled by his closest bloodline . soon after his arrival india comes to suspect that this mysterious charming man has ulterior motives . yet instead of feeling outrage or horror this friendless young woman becomes increasingly infatuated with him .
the history of sound city and their huge recording device ; exploring how digital change has allowed 'people that have no place ' in music to become stars . it follows former nirvana drummer and foo fighter dave grohl as he attempts to resurrect the studio back to former glories .
a frustrated circus magician from kansas is transported to a magical land called oz where he will have to fulfill a prophecy to become the king and release the land from the wicked witches using his great (but fake ) powers .
after their cave is destroyed a caveman family must trek through an unfamiliar fantastical world with the help of an inventive boy .
superstar magicians burt wonderstone (steve carell ) and anton marvelton (steve buscemi ) have ruled the las vegas strip for years raking in millions with illusions as big as burt 's growing ego . but lately the duo 's greatest deception is their public friendship while secretly they 've grown to loathe each other . facing cutthroat competition from guerrilla street magician steve gray (jim carrey ) whose cult following surges with each outrageous stunt even their show is starting to look stale . but there 's still a chance burt and anton can save the act - both onstage and off - if only burt can get back in touch with what made him love magic in the first place .
brit candy cotty and faith have been best friends since grade school . they live together in a boring college dorm and are hungry for adventure . all they have to do is save enough money for spring break to get their shot at having some real fun . a serendipitous encounter with rapper "alien" promises to provide the girls with all the thrill and excitement they could hope for . with the encouragement of their new friend it soon becomes unclear how far the girls are willing to go to experience a spring break they will never forget .
major jaidev rajvansh and his fellow officer hussein manage to rescue a leading politician as well as capture his kidnapper abhrush . the terrorist has been searched for years and he is finally captured by the two officers . jai returns to a joyous welcome and is declared a national hero . he takes a break from the army and returns to his hometown . there he meets his childhood friend anjali who has always harboured love for jai . anjali is determined to make sure she and jai stay together at a party he meets miss india pooja mallapa . as they spend more time together he begins to love her and she too begins to love him . in the mean time jai 's parents are arranging his marriage to anjali but when they find out about jai 's love for pooja they realise that they have to tell anjali everything . anjali heartbroken and jealous swears revenge on jai for rejecting her . realising her hatred for him . abrush takes advantage and together they plot to destroy jai 's reputation and life . anjali manages to steal some important documents regarding abrush 's plans . the events following leads to jai being dismissed from the army and he is declared a traitor to the country . jai determined to prove his innocence and redeem himself decides to pursue abrush alone . will jai find out about anjali 's betrayal ?
when the white house (secret service code : "olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the president is kidnapped disgraced former presidential secret service agent mike banning finds himself trapped within the building . as our national security team scrambles to respond they are forced to rely on banning 's inside knowledge to help retake the white house save the president and avert an even bigger disaster .
about shiqiao a girl who suffers from a neuromuscular disease but always dreamed of being a ballet dancer . she meets gong a boy who have a family problem because they are against his dream to become a rock band singer .
a mysterious and mythical motorcycle racer luke (ryan gosling ) drives out of a traveling carnival globe of death and whizzes through the backstreets of schenectady new york desperately trying to connect with a former lover romina (eva mendes ) who recently and secretly gave birth to the stunt rider 's son . in an attempt to provide for his new family luke quits the carnival life and commits a series of bank robberies aided by his superior riding ability . the stakes rise as luke is put on a collision course with an ambitious police officer avery cross (bradley cooper ) looking to quickly move up the ranks in a police department riddled with corruption . the sweeping drama unfolds over fifteen years as the sins of the past haunt the present days lives of two high school boys wrestling with the legacy they 've inherited . the only refuge is found in the place beyond the pines .
based on the comic book series "the brass teapot " about a mid -twenty-year-old couple who in these difficult economic times finds a mysterious magical brass teapot which makes them money but at a surprising price . after realizing the teapot 's power john and alice must decide how far they will go to fulfill their dream .
a drama centered on the relationship between phil spector and defense attorney linda kenney baden while the music business legend was on trial for the murder of lana clarkson .
if you were a brilliant young scientist diagnosed with only months to live what choices would you make ? to have faith that you were taken early for a reason and go quietly or to use cryogenics to hope you could be cured someday in the future or to download your consciousness into computer memory where you could still continue to interact with tho ones you love ?
straitlaced princeton university admissions officer portia nathan (tina fey ) is caught off -guard when she makes a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by her former college classmate the freewheeling john pressman (paul rudd ). pressman has surmised that jeremiah (nat wolff ) his gifted yet very unconventional student might well be the son that portia secretly gave up for adoption many years ago . soon portia finds herself bending the rules for jeremiah putting at risk the life she thought she always wanted -- but in the process finding her way to a surprising and exhilarating life and romance she never dreamed of having .
a fine art auctioneer mixed up with a gang joins forces with a hypnotherapist to recover a lost painting . as boundaries between desire reality and hypnotic suggestion begin to blur the stakes rise faster than anyone could have anticipated .
a veteran assigned to extract earth 's remaining resources begins to question what he knows about his mission and himself .
kate is a shark expert whose business has been failing since a shark attack killed a fellow diver under her command . once dubbed "the shark whisperer " kate is haunted by the memory of the attack and unable to get back into the water . with bills piling up and the bank about to foreclose on kate 's boat kate 's ex -boyfriend jeff presents her with a lucrative opportunity to lead a thrill -seeking millionaire businessman on a dangerous shark dive - outside the cage . battling her self -doubts and fear kate accepts the proposal and sets a course for the world 's deadliest feeding ground - shark alley .
in jackie robinson is a negro league baseball player who never takes racism lying down . branch rickey is a major league team executive with a bold idea . to that end rickey recruits robinson to break the unspoken color line as the first modern african american major league player . as both anticipate this proves a major challenge for robinson and his family as they endure unrelenting racist hostility on and off the field from player and fan alike . as jackie struggles against his nature to endure such abuse without complaint he finds allies and hope where he least expects it .
happy takes us on a journey from the swamps of louisiana to the slums of kolkata in search of what really makes people happy . combining real life stories of people from around the world and powerful interviews with the leading scientists in happiness research happy explores the secrets behind our most valued emotion .
in the terrain of rock bands implosion or explosion is seemingly inevitable . has defied the gravitational pull towards destruction ; this band has endured and thrived . this documentary asks the question why .
college student hana falls in love with another student who turns out to be a werewolf who dies in an accident after their second child . hana moves to the rural countryside where her husband grew up to raise her two werewolf children .
based on the true story of daniel lugo (mark wahlberg ) a miami bodybuilder who wants to live the american dream . he would like to have the money that other people have . so he enlists the help of fellow bodybuilder adrian doorbal (anthony mackie ) and ex -convict christian bodybuilder paul doyle (dwayne johnson ). their kidnapping and extortion scheme goes terribly wrong since they have muscles for brains and they 're left to haphazardly try to hold onto the elusive american dream .
all jay baruchel expected coming to la was a fun time with seth rogen with all the wild partying to have both by themselves and at james franco 's housewarming party . suddenly the rapture hits and the biblical apocalypse has begun . now jay and seth are desperately sheltering in james ' house for rescue along with a few other friends . together they must band together to attempt to survive the end of the world only for jay to find that they are all too dumb and superficial to do it until they discover the only way out .
when tony stark 's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the mandarin he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution .
young adventurous 'english teacher ' is assigned to carry out a 'linguistic revolution ' in the remote georgian village . basically looking for new adventures a young teacher finds himself on ...
year -old ellis (tye sheridan ) lives on a makeshift houseboat on the banks of a river in arkansas with his parents mary lee (sarah paulson ) and senior (ray mckinnon ). he sneaks out early one morning to meet his best friend neckbone (jacob lofland ). neckbone also lives with his uncle galen (michael shannon ) who makes a hardscrabble living diving for oysters . the two boys set out to an island on the mississippi river where neckbone has discovered an unusual sight -a boat suspended high in the trees a remnant of an extreme flood some time in the past . they climb the tree and into the boat only to find fresh bread and fresh footprints . realizing that they are not the only ones who have discovered the treehouse boat they decide to leave . when they reach the shore they find the same footprint in their boat . and that 's when they meet mud (matthew mcconaughey ). mud is a gritty superstitious character ; his clothes are dirty his tooth is cracked and he needs help . he tells the boys he will give them the treehouse boat his current hideout in exchange for food . neckbone is reluctant but ellis brings food to mud and they develop a tentative friendship . ellis learns that mud has killed a man in texas and police and bounty hunters are looking for him but mud is more concerned about reuniting with his longtime love juniper (reese witherspoon ). ellis who has recently developed his own crush agrees to help mud escape with juniper . ellis and neckbone carry out bold schemes in an effort to protect mud and relay messages to juniper who is holed up in a fleabag motel under constant surveillance by carver (paul sparks ) a texas bounty hunter . carver and his gang are intent on capturing mud on orders from the cold -blooded king (joe don baker ). as the boys risk everything to reunite these seeming mythical lovers ellis 's own ideas about love and romance are challenged by the strains in the relationships closest to him : his parents ' marriage is dissolving while he himself falters in his efforts to impress may pearl (bonnie sturdivant ). through it all ellis struggles to look for an example of love that he can believe in learning about the unspoken rules and risks of love and the reality of heartbreak .
photo -animated feature documentary uniquely narrated by the people who knew bill best .
a band of killers from an ailing kung fu and magic society are sent on a manhunt for a former member of the society whose bad mouthing threatens it 's existence .
an all -night diner . a cop walks in on a robbery in progress . but what happens next - and what happened just before - will change everything you think you know . the building is now surrounded . there are restless fingers on every trigger . and one very intense hostage situation is about to take some extremely shocking twists .
a slacker hatches a million -dollar idea . but in order to see it through he has to learn to trust his attractive corporate counterpart . based on max barry 's novel .
american writer tom ricks comes to paris desperate to put his life together again and win back the love of his estranged wife and daughter . when things don 't go according to plan he ends up in a shady hotel in the suburbs having to work as a night guard to make ends meet . then margit a beautiful mysterious stranger walks into his life and things start looking up . their passionate and intense relationship triggers a string of inexplicable events ... as if an obscure power was taking control of his life .
an adaptation of f . scott fitzgerald 's long island -set novel where midwesterner nick carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor jay gatsby . soon enough however carraway will see through the cracks of gatsby 's nouveau riche existence where obsession madness and tragedy await .
when the uss enterprise crew is called back home they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for leaving our world in a state of crisis . with a personal score to settle captain kirk leads a manhunt to a war -zone world to capture a one -man weapon of mass destruction . as our space heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death love will be challenged friendships will be torn apart and sacrifices must be made for the only family kirk has left : his crew .
four friends lose themselves in a carefree south -east asian holiday . only three come back . dave and alice return home to their young family desperate for answers about jeremy 's mysterious disappearance . when alice 's sister steph returns not long after a nasty secret is revealed about the night her boyfriend went missing . but it is only the first of many . who amongst them knows what happened on that fateful night when they were dancing under a full moon in cambodia ?
while working by night a male intern is suddenly aware of some strange sound that comes from upstairs . however a female intern who works with him doesn 't hear that sound at all . he feels confusion from that . then the female intern deliberately tells the bizarre story that occurred last night .
in this inspired genre -twisting new film oscar -nominated writer /director sarah polley discovers that the truth depends on who 's telling it . polley is both filmmaker and detective as she investigates the secrets kept by a family of storytellers . she playfully interviews and interrogates a cast of characters of varying reliability eliciting refreshingly candid yet mostly contradictory answers to the same questions . as each relates their version of the family mythology present -day recollections shift into nostalgia -tinged glimpses of their mother who departed too soon leaving a trail of unanswered questions . polley unravels the paradoxes to reveal the essence of family : always complicated warmly messy and fiercely loving . stories we tell explores the elusive nature of truth and memory but at its core is a deeply personal film about how our narratives shape and define us as individuals and families all interconnecting to paint a profound funny and poignant picture of the larger human story .
shurik timofeev builds a working model of a time machine . by accident ivan bunsha an apartment complex manager and george miloslavsky a petty burglar are transferred to the ...
bangkok . ten years ago julian killed a man and went on the run . now he manages a thai boxing club as a front for a drugs operation . respected in the criminal underworld deep inside he feels empty . when julian 's brother murders an underage prostitute the police call on retired cop chang - the angel of vengeance . chang allows the father to kill his daughter 's murderer then 'restores order ' by chopping off the man 's right hand . julian 's mother crystal - the head of a powerful criminal organization - arrives in bangkok to collect her son 's body . she dispatches julian to find his killers and 'raise hell '.
when one of their own is kidnapped by an angry gangster the wolf pack must track down mr . chow who has escaped from prison and is on the lam .
since dom (diesel) and brian 's (walker) rio heist toppled a kingpin 's empire and left their crew with million our heroes have scattered across the globe . but their inability to return home and living forever on the lam have left their lives incomplete . meanwhile hobbs (johnson) has been tracking an organization of lethally skilled mercenary drivers across countries whose mastermind (evans) is aided by a ruthless second -in-command revealed to be the love dom thought was dead letty (rodriguez). the only way to stop the criminal outfit is to outmatch them at street level so hobbs asks dom to assemble his elite team in london . payment ? full pardons for all of them so they can return home and make their families whole again .
young mary katherine (m.k.) returns to her eccentric scientist father 's home but his all -consuming quest to discover a tiny civilization in the neighboring forest drives them apart . however m .k. soon finds herself shrunken down by queen tara of that forest who was mortally wounded by the putrefying boggans and charged to deliver a pod bearing the new queen to safety . together with a veteran leafman warrior two goofy mollusks and a young maverick m .k. agrees to help . as the villainous boggan leader mandrake closes in m .k. and her new friends must draw on the best of themselves together and discover what they have to save their world .
sentinels robots that were created for the purpose of hunting down mutants were released in . years later the sentinels would also hunt humans who aid mutants . charles xavier and his x -men try their best to deal with the sentinels but they are able to adapt and deal with all mutant abilities . charles decides to go back in time and change things . he asks kitty pryde who can send a person 's consciousness into the person 's past to send him but she can only send someone back a few weeks because if she sends someone back further it could harm them . so logan decides to go back himself because he might be able to withstand it . so charles tells him that it 's mystique who 's responsible because when she learned about the sentinels she sought out bolivar trask the man who created them and killed him . she would be caught and studied and her ability to change was somehow added to the sentinels which is why they can adapt . logan must go to the younger charles and ask him to help ; problem is that he was despondent at that time and without his powers because he took a drug which allows him to walk but takes away his powers . logan is also told to find magneto .
elise and didier fall in love at first sight . she has her own tattoo shop and he plays the banjo in a bluegrass band . they bond over their shared enthusiasm for american music and culture and dive headfirst into a sweeping romance that plays out on and off stage - but when an unexpected tragedy hits their new family everything they know and love is tested . an intensely moving portrait of a relationship from beginning to end propelled by a soundtrack of foot -stomping bluegrass the broken circle breakdown is a romantic melodrama of the highest order .
a story that follows a new york woman (who doesn 't really have an apartment ) apprentices for a dance company (though she 's not really a dancer ) and throws herself headlong into her dreams even as their possibility dwindles .
a chronicle of the tempestuous six year romance between megastar singer liberace and his teenage lover scott thorson .
one thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity 's escape from earth nova prime has become mankind 's new home . legendary general cypher raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family ready to be a father to his -year-old son kitai . when an asteroid storm damages cypher and kitai 's craft they crash -land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous earth . as his father lies dying in the cockpit kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon . his whole life kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father . today he gets his chance .
an fbi agent and an interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money .
the story of linda lovelace who is used and abused by the porn industry at the behest of her coercive husband before taking control of her life .
a puerto rican ex -con pledges to stay away from his former drug dealing ways but finds himself being dragged back by his past connections and the naive machinations of his lawyer and best friend . hoping to raise enough money to get away from new york carlito brigante takes on the job of running a nightclub renews an affair with a dancer but old associates and old instincts suck him back into a world of violence and mistrust .
the story of five teenage girls who form an unlikely bond after beating up a teacher who has sexually harassed them . they build a solid friendship but their wild ways begin to get out of control .
a young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth . as a young man he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do . but the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind .
joe toy on the verge of adolescence finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father frank 's attempts to manage his life . declaring his freedom once and for all he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend patrick and a strange kid named biaggio . he announces that they are going to build a house there free from responsibility and parents . once their makeshift abode is finished the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny alone in the woods .
backup singers live in a world that lies just beyond the spotlight . their voices bring harmony to the biggest bands in popular music but we 've had no idea who these singers are or what lives they lead until now .
inspired by actual events a group of fame -obsessed teenagers use the internet to track celebrities ' whereabouts in order to rob their homes .
mike wazowski and james p . sullivan are an inseparable pair but that wasn 't always the case . from the moment these two mismatched monsters met they couldn 't stand each other . "monsters university " unlocks the door to how mike and sulley overcame their differences and became the best of friends .
the elric brothers ' deciding to perform a forbidden human transmutation to bring their dead mother back they end up losing their bodies . now edward must find the chemical privileges to restore their body back .
a young playboy who learns he has one month until he becomes infertile sets out to procreate as much as possible .
as a war between humankind and monstrous sea creatures wages on a former pilot and a trainee are paired up to drive a seemingly obsolete special weapon in a desperate effort to save the world from the apocalypse .
life for former united nations investigator gerry lane and his family seems content . suddenly the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies . after barely escaping the chaos lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease . what follows is a perilous trek around the world where lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls .
in the year two classes of people exist : the very wealthy who live on a pristine man -made space station called elysium and the rest who live on an overpopulated ruined earth . secretary delacourt a government official will stop at nothing to enforce anti -immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of elysium . that doesn 't stop the people of earth from trying to get in by any means they can . when unlucky max is backed into a corner he agrees to take on a daunting mission that if successful will not only save his life but could bring equality to these polarized worlds .
in new york city a young girl is caught in the middle of her parents ' bitter custody battle .
the allure of easy money sends mary mason a medical student into the world of underground surgeries which ends up leaving more marks on her than her so called 'freakish' clients .
while gru the ex -supervillain is adjusting to family life and an attempted honest living in the jam business a secret arctic laboratory is stolen . the anti -villain league decides it needs an insider 's help and recruits gru in the investigation . together with the eccentric avl agent lucy wilde gru concludes that his prime suspect is the presumed dead supervillain el macho whose his teenage son is also making the moves on his eldest daughter margo . seemingly blinded by his overprotectiveness of his children and his growing mutual attraction to lucy gru seems on the wrong track even as his minions are being quietly kidnapped en masse for some malevolent purpose .
capitol policeman john cale has just been denied his dream job with the secret service of protecting president james sawyer . not wanting to let down his little girl with the news he takes her on a tour of the white house when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group . now with the nation 's government falling into chaos and time running out it 's up to cale to save the president his daughter and the country .
the future of america when the world runs out of oil .
a group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist .
native american warrior tonto recounts the untold tales that transformed john reid a man of the law into a legend of justice .
iconic writer director actor comedian and musician woody allen allowed his life and creative process to be documented on -camera for the first time . with this unprecedented access ...
the rivalry between the manipulative boss of an advertising agency and her talented protge escalates from stealing credit to public humiliation to murder .
the moment before a life changing event for this man . an his honest answer to the person who knows him best in this world .
a hard -partying high school senior 's philosophy on life changes when he meets the not -so-typical "nice girl ."
rick is in his but still works full -time as a lifeguard on the beaches of los angeles in california . he enjoys the fun of it but even more the silent moments . however when he meets his divorced highschool girlfriend and her years old son at their years class reunion he considers switching to a more "serious" job .
when a freak hurricane swamps los angeles nature 's deadliest killer rules sea land and air as thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace .
the story of oscar grant iii a -year-old bay area resident who crosses paths with friends enemies family and strangers on the last day of .
after nick is murdered by his own partner he joins the rest in peace department to protect the world from the undeads . while working with his new partner many undeads are seen gathering in boston . soon he realizes that someone close to him is behind all a plot to bring on the apocalypse .
forces of evil chaos and destruction await . not even protectors like superman batman wonder woman green lantern the flash hawkgirl or the martian manhunter may have a chance alone . but together as the justice league they are a metahuman force (and a hope ) to be reckoned with .
in when the maps of india and pakistan were being drawn an oversight ensured that the village of paglapur didn 't find a place in either country . the village had the distinction of housing the largest mental asylum in the region and in the mle that ensued during partition the asylum inmates broke loose drove away the villagers and established their own republic in paglapur . and that 's how it stayed for the next years ! while the world outside changed paglapur remained isolated with no electricity television or sanity . now decades after the world forgot this village a nasa scientist of indian origin agastya and his beautiful wife find themselves on the road to paglapur . agastya is working on a top secret project for creating a device to communicate with aliens . so why is he in a village whose colorful inhabitants include a man who speaks in gibberish another who thinks he is a lamp post and everyone else who think mahatma gandhi is still around fighting for independence ? and more importantly what are they going to do that will soon turn the universe 's spotlight on this forgotten village ?
boognish the goddemon wants your soul to perform tricks for him . ween is your only salvation .
meet mark anderson a recent stroke victim who is frail and weak . also his best friend thomas a classic over -the-hill drag queen desperate for love and happiness . mark and thomas have a master plan to find mark 's son james anderson the love of his life once and for all . meanwhile billy houston a young gay teenager who has just turned gets his first country kiss from his best friend rick and is immediately caught and thrown out of his house by his abusive father . with no place to turn no cash and no contacts billy hitchhikes to the big city . confused lost and running scared he soon finds a help wanted ad posted in a local city gay caf by james . billy interviews for the job and soon accepts the challenge as the role of caretaker on the spot . he quickly learns about full responsibility independence not to mention real life lessons about being gay . billy unexpectedly finds himself in love with james and builds a bond with mark that is unbreakable . "an angel named billy " is a heartwarming funny and unforgettable story of an abused boy who in leaving his life of hate and mistrust is able to come to terms in his own way of being gay in a modern world . finding new friends unexpected love and a whole new way of life will never be quite the same again .
after a freak accident infuses him with the power of super -speed turbo kicks into overdrive and embarks on an extraordinary journey to achieve the seemingly impossible : competing in the world 's fastest race the indianapolis . with the help of his tricked -out streetwise snail crew this ultimate underdog puts his heart and shell on the line to prove that no dream is too big and no dreamer too small .
logan is asked by his old friend a cop from japan to help him take down shingen yashida 's crime syndicate and save mariko logan 's lost love from forced marriage arranged by her father shingen . yukio a female assassin helps him .
luke and kate are co -workers at a chicago brewery where they spend their days drinking and flirting . they 're perfect for each other except that they 're both in relationships . luke is in the midst of marriage talks with his girlfriend of six years kate is playing it cool with her music producer boyfriend chris . but you know what makes the line between "friends" and "more than friends " really blurry ? beer .
retired cia agent frank moses is in love with sarah ross and enjoying their normal life . out of the blue marvin boggs meets frank in the supermarket and tells that wikileaks has released the information that they had participated and know the whereabouts of the nightshade a portable nuclear weapon that was smuggled in pieces and hidden in russia . now the top agents in the world are under contract to seek them out to discover where nightshade is . the trio travels to paris and teams -up with the russian katja to track down the former russian agent 'the frog ' to get more information about the operation . they learn that the brilliant inventor dr . edward bailey might know where the weapon is . they discover that bailey has been interned in an asylum in london by the mi for thirty -two years and the british victoria joins the team . they rescue bailey and find that the nuclear device is hidden in the kremlin . soon the dangerous south korean han joins the group expecting to retrieve the weapon . but dangerous killer jack horton is hunting frank down and will not stop until he recovers the nuclear bomb .
will (glenn howerton ) is a -something website manager who uses local caf coffee town as his office . when the owners of the shop discuss plans to convert coffee town into a bar will enlists the help of his two best friends chad and gino (steve little and ben schwartz ) to save his freeloading existence . in order to thwart the plans of coffee town 's owners the trio stages a robbery to create the illusion of an unsafe neighborhood not suitable for the proposed venue . also standing in their way is sam (josh groban ) a disgruntled barista with delusions of grandeur -he wants to be a rock star -and will 's heartache over unrequited love for becca (adrianne palicki ).
a man recruits his cousin to find out who is behind his dog 's suspicious death .
two hardened criminals get into trouble with the us border patrol after meeting with a mexican drug lord and then revelations start to unfold .
jasmine french used to be on the top of the heap as a new york socialite but now is returning to her estranged sister in san francisco utterly ruined . as jasmine struggles with her haunting memories of a privileged past bearing dark realities she ignored she tries to recover in her present . unfortunately it all proves a losing battle as jasmine 's narcissistic hangups and their consequences begin to overwhelm her . in doing so her old pretensions and new deceits begin to foul up everyone 's lives especially her own .
jep gambardella has seduced his way through the lavish nightlife of rome for decades but after his birthday and a shock from the past jep looks past the nightclubs and parties to find a timeless landscape of absurd exquisite beauty .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
when his lightning bolt is stolen zeus accuses poseidon 's son percy jackson and gives poseidon 's son fourteen days to return it otherwise he will initiate a war amongst the gods . meanwhile the teenager percy who is dyslexic and has adhd is visiting the museum of metropolitan of art and is attacked by a fury disguised in his teacher . his physically handicapped best friend grover reveals that percy is a demigod and that he is his protector and his teacher mr brunner gives him a pen telling him that it is a powerful weapon . they go to percy 's house and together with his mother sally they drive to the camp half -blood. however sally is attacked by a minotaur and vanishes before percy can help her . in the camp percy befriends the gorgeous annabeth ; when they are attacked by hades who wants the lighting bolt for himself percy discovers that his mother is in the underworld with hades . percy decides to travel on a dangerous quest to retrieve the lightning bolt and save his mother . grover and annabeth join him and luke gives a powerful shield of his own to protect percy . will they be able to succeed ?
the smurfs team up with their human friends to rescue smurfette who has been kidnapped by gargamel since she knows a secret spell that can turn the evil sorcerer 's newest creation - creatures called the naughties - into real smurfs .
radio dj alan partridge is facing uncertain times with his radio station being taken over by a corporate conglomerate . he makes things worse when he talks down a colleague after a promise to talk him up . the colleague handles things badly and takes the radio station into his own hands literally by taking them all hostage . envisioning all his action heroes in his head alan is going to save the day by becoming a go -between for the scotland yard . his method though will put himself and others in harm 's way because alan partridge just can 't keep his mouth shut .
chronicles the lives of three generations of the upper -middle-class british family the forsytes from the to .
tiger chen is a tai chi student who is rather rebellious and uses tai chi to fight despite his master 's concerns . when the temple where he studies get threatened from modern redevelopment he fights in an underground fight club to get money the temple needs . however he soon realizes that his employer has other negative motives .
after being robbed of a week 's take small -time pot dealer david is forced by his boss to go to mexico to pick up a load of marijuana . in order to improve his odds of making it past the border david asks the broke stripper rose and two local teenagers to join him and pretend they 're on a family holiday .
after moving his family back to his hometown to be with his friends and their kids lenny finds out that between old bullies new bullies schizo bus drivers drunk cops on skis and costumed party crashers sometimes crazy follows you .
following kick -ass' heroics other citizens are inspired to become masked crusaders . but the red mist leads his own group of evil supervillains to kill kick -ass and destroy everything for which he stands .
left for dead on a sun -scorched planet riddick finds himself up against an alien race of predators . activating an emergency beacon alerts two ships : one carrying a new breed of mercenary the other captained by a man from riddick 's past .
dusty crophopper is a little cropduster plane with a fear of heights and a crazy dream of being a racer . while his friends need convincing dusty gets the training he needs from skipper a veteran fighter and qualifies for the wings across the world race . in the event dusty finds competitors who soon learn that there is something special about this underdog as he is tested to his physical and emotional limits . in doing so dusty soon finds enemies and more importantly friends who are inspired by his dream . in the face of all obstacles the winner of this air race will be anyone 's guess .
notorious killer whale tilikum is responsible for the deaths of three individuals including a top killer whale trainer . blackfish shows the sometimes devastating consequences of keeping such intelligent and sentient creatures in captivity .
a look at the life of jiro horikoshi the man who designed japanese fighter planes during world war ii .
the story of steve jobs ' ascension from college dropout into one of the most revered creative entrepreneurs of the century .
when her mother disappears clary fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons . she joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate new york called the shadow world .
a massage therapist is unable to do her job when stricken with a mysterious and sudden aversion to bodily contact . meanwhile her uptight brother 's floundering dental practice receives new life when clients seek out his healing touch .
cecil gaines was a sharecropper 's son who grew up in the as a domestic servant for the white family who casually destroyed his . eventually striking out on his own cecil becomes a hotel valet of such efficiency and discreteness in the that he becomes a butler in the white house itself . there cecil would serve numerous us presidents over the decades as a passive witness of history with the american civil rights movement gaining momentum even as his family has troubles of its own . as his wife gloria struggles with her addictions and his defiant eldest son louis strives for a just world cecil must decide whether he should take action in his own way .
an underachieving vocal coach is motivated by her father the king of movie -trailer voice -overs to pursue her aspirations of becoming a voiceover star . amidst pride sexism and family dysfunction she sets out to change the voice of a generation .
at the age of tim lake (domhnall gleeson ) discovers he can travel in time ... the night after another unsatisfactory new year party tim 's father (bill nighy ) tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time . tim can 't change history but he can change what happens and has happened in his own life -so he decides to make his world a better place ...by getting a girlfriend . sadly that turns out not to be as easy as you might think . moving from the cornwall coast to london to train as a lawyer tim finally meets the beautiful but insecure mary (rachel mcadams ). they fall in love then an unfortunate time -travel incident means he 's never met her at all . so they meet for the first time again -and again -but finally after a lot of cunning time -traveling he wins her heart . tim then uses his power to create the perfect romantic proposal to save his wedding from the worst best -man speeches to save his best friend from professional disaster and to get his pregnant wife to the hospital in time for the birth of their daughter despite a nasty traffic jam outside abbey road . but as his unusual life progresses tim finds out that his unique gift can 't save him from the sorrows and ups and downs that affect all families everywhere . there are great limits to what time travel can achieve and it can be dangerous too .
forces of evil chaos and destruction await . not even protectors like superman batman wonder woman green lantern the flash hawkgirl or the martian manhunter may have a chance alone . but together as the justice league they are a metahuman force (and a hope ) to be reckoned with .
aubrey and paul davison welcome his family for a reunion in their isolated vacation house . their sons crispian comes with his girlfriend erin ; felix with his girlfriend zee ; drake with his wife kelly ; and their daughter aimee comes with her boyfriend tariq . when they are ready to have dinner they are attacked by a stranger with a crossbow and drake is wounded by an arrow and tariq dies . they discover that their cell phones are jammed and they are trapped in the house . erin tries to protect the house closing doors and windows but the masked killers murder the members of the family . are the killers lunatic ? what is the motive for slaughtering the davison family ?
professor kim a marine geologist recognizes the impending danger of a mega tsunami headed straight for haeundae a popular vacation spot on the south coast of korea . he desperately attempts to warn authorities and alert the unknowing vacationers of the mph destructive force of nature headed their direction .
based on actual court transcripts of anti -war protesters on trial for conspiring to cause riots at the democratic national convention in chicago .
the son of famous studio owner is forced to make porno films to keep the bankrupt studio from being made into a shopping center . in an attempt to get back on the high ground he makes a nudie musical . he makes a bet with the debtors who wish to take ownership of the studio that if they finance the musical and he can 't complete it within two weeks they can foreclose .
three -time new york city mayor ed koch was combative funny and blunt . he was also intensely private . 'koch' gives us a contemporary history of the world 's greatest city and an intimate portrait of the -year old former mayor as he confronts his own mortality and legacy . the film examines issues still relevant today - race homelessness aids and gay rights - and gives us a window into the trials and tribulations of the nation 's most famous mayor in the world 's most wondrous city .
before entire networks were built on populist personalities ; before reality morphed into a tv genre ; the masses fixated on a single sociopathic star : controversial talk -show host morton downey jr .
to save his kidnapped wife brent magna must drive at the orders of a mysterious man .
dr . ryan stone (sandra bullock ) is a brilliant medical engineer on her first shuttle mission with veteran astronaut matt kowalski (george clooney ) in command of his last flight before retiring . but on a seemingly routine spacewalk disaster strikes . the shuttle is destroyed leaving stone and kowalsky completely alone - tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness .
what if is the story of medical school dropout wallace who 's been repeatedly burned by bad relationships . so while everyone around him including his roommate allan seems to be finding the perfect partner wallace decides to put his love life on hold . it is then that he meets chantry an animator who lives with her longtime boyfriend ben . wallace and chantry form an instant connection striking up a close friendship . still there is no denying the chemistry between them leading the pair to wonder what if the love of your life is actually your best friend ?
how far would you go to protect your family ? keller dover is facing every parent 's worst nightmare . his six -year-old daughter anna is missing together with her young friend joy and as minutes turn to hours panic sets in . the only lead is a dilapidated rv that had earlier been parked on their street . heading the investigation detective loki arrests its driver alex jones but a lack of evidence forces his release . as the police pursue multiple leads and pressure mounts knowing his child 's life is at stake the frantic dover decides he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands . but just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family ?
when rodney baze mysteriously disappears and law enforcement doesn 't follow through fast enough his older brother russell takes matters into his own hands to find justice .
austenland is a romantic comedy about -something single jane hayes a seemingly normal young woman with a secret : her obsession with mr . darcy -as played by colin firth in the bbc adaptation of pride and prejudice -is ruining her love life ; no real man can compare . but when she decides to spend her life savings on a trip to an english resort catering to austen -crazed women jane 's fantasies of meeting the perfect regency -era gentleman suddenly become more real than she ever could have imagined .
the merciless rivalry between formula one rivals james hunt and niki lauda .
three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways .
at a foster -care facility for at -risk teenagers grace is a young counselor trying to do her best for kids who often have been pulled from the worst kinds of home situations . even then life is not easy as grace and her colleagues care for kids who are too often profoundly scarred even as they try to have lives of their own . now things are coming to a head as grace readies for marriage even as some her charges are coming to major turning points in their lives . to cope grace will have to make difficult perceptions and decisions that could put her career and more importantly her charges at dire risk .
a personal project about the things we cherish and aspire to do in our every day lives .
years after he left damascus under suspicious circumstances adib abdel kareem must confront what he left behind when his daughter goes missing .
nebraska is a father and son road trip from billings montana to lincoln nebraska that gets waylaid at a small town in central nebraska where the father grew up and has scores to settle . told with deadpan humor and a unique visual style it 's ultimately the story of a son trying to get through to a father he doesn 't understand .
a divorced and single parent eva (julia louis -dreyfus) spends her days enjoying work as a masseuse but dreading her daughter 's impending departure for college . she meets albert (james gandolfini ) - a sweet funny and like -minded man also facing an empty nest . as their romance quickly blossoms eva befriends marianne (catherine keener ) her new massage client . marianne is a beautiful poet who seems "almost perfect " except for one prominent quality : she rags on her ex -husband way too much . suddenly eva finds herself doubting her own relationship with albert as she learns the truth about marianne 's ex .
a new jersey guy dedicated to his family friends and church develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love .
set in a charmingly surreal paris wealthy bachelor colin spends his time developing his pianocktail (a cocktail -making piano ) and devouring otherworldly dishes prepared by his trusty chef nicolas . when colin learns that his best friend chick a fellow acolyte of the philosopher jean -sol partre has a new american girlfriend our lonely hero attends a friend 's party in hopes of falling in love himself . he soon meets chloe and before they know it they 're dancing to duke ellington and plunging headfirst into a romance . their whirlwind courtship is tested when an unusual illness plagues chloe ; a flower begins to grow in her lungs . to save her colin discovers the only cure is to surround chloe with a never -ending supply of fresh flowers .
princeton grad student richie believing he 's been swindled travels to costa rica to confront online gambling tycoon ivan block . richie is seduced by block 's promise of immense wealth until he learns the disturbing truth about his benefactor . when the fbi tries to coerce richie to help bring down block richie faces his biggest gamble ever : attempting to outmaneuver the two forces closing in on him .
adle is a high school student who is beginning to explore herself as a woman . she dates men but finds no satisfaction with them sexually and is rejected by a female friend who she does desire . she dreams of something more . she meets emma who is a free spirited girl whom adle 's friends reject due to her sexuality and by association most begin to reject adle . her relationship with emma grows into more than just friends as she is the only person with whom she can express herself openly . together adle and emma explore social acceptance sexuality and the emotional spectrum of their maturing relationship .
a documentary that follows former u .s. labor secretary robert reich as he looks to raise awareness of the country 's widening economic gap .
after the disastrous food storm in the first film flint and his friends are forced to leave the town . flint accepts the invitation from his idol chester v to join the live corp company which has been tasked to clean the island and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind . when flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles hungry tacodiles shrimpanzees and apple pie -thons he and his friends must return to save the world .
captain phillips is a multi -layered examination of the hijacking of the u .s. container ship maersk alabama by a crew of somali pirates . it is - through director paul greengrass 's distinctive lens - simultaneously a pulse -pounding thriller and a complex portrait of the myriad effects of globalization . the film focuses on the relationship between the alabama 's commanding officer captain richard phillips (two time academy award -winner tom hanks ) and the somali pirate captain muse (barkhad abdi ) who takes him hostage . phillips and muse are set on an unstoppable collision course when muse and his crew target phillips ' unarmed ship ; in the ensuing standoff miles off the somali coast both men will find themselves at the mercy of forces beyond their control .
during an operation of a mexican cartel machete cortez and sartana rivera intercept the criminals alone but another group arrives and a masked man kills sartana . machete is arrested accused of killing his beloved sartana and sheriff doakes hangs machete . but the president of the usa rathcock pardons and recruits machete to kill the revolutionary marcos mendez that has threatened the usa with a missile with a bomb . machete goes to san antonio to meet the miss san antonio blanca vasquez that will be the liaison between machete and president rathcock . then machete goes to the brothel of madame desdemona to seek out the prostitute cereza that is mendez 's mistress . machete meets mendez and learns that his heart is connected to the missile and only the arm dealer luther voz is capable to disarm the bomb . now machete needs to bring mendez to the usa in less than twenty -four hours and save his new country in a dangerous journey with betrayals .
a corrupt junkie cop with borderline personality disorder attempts to manipulate his way through a promotion in order to win back his wife and daughter while also fighting his own borderline -fueled inner demons .
a physical therapist falls for the basketball player she is helping recover from a career -threatening injury .
carrie white a shy friendless year -old girl who is sheltered by her domineering religious mother unleashes her telekinetic powers after being humiliated by her classmates at her senior prom .
a troubled marriage counselor has an affair with one of his clients - causing him to wind up in marriage counseling himself .
in new york 's soho district the master of ceremonies sardu runs the theater of the macabre which specializes in acts where people are tortured and dismembered . the audiences dismiss it as fakery but the gore is real . behind the scenes sardu and his dwarf assistant ralphus torture and mutilate women for their own pleasure as well as sell girls they have abducted into slavery . when the critic creasy silo contemptuously dismisses the show sardu has him abducted and tortured . at the same time sardu also abducts the ballerina natasha di natalie and determines to break her will in order to make her agree to perform in his new show .
an aging out -of-work actress accepts one last job though the consequences of her decision affect her in ways she didn 't consider .
based on an incredible true story of one man 's fight for survival and freedom . in the pre -civil war united states solomon northup a free black man from upstate new york is abducted and sold into slavery . facing cruelty personified by a malevolent slave owner as well as unexpected kindnesses solomon struggles not only to stay alive but to retain his dignity . in the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey solomon 's chance meeting with a canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life .
deep into a solo voyage in the indian ocean an unnamed man (redford) wakes to find his -foot yacht taking on water after a collision with a shipping container left floating on the high seas . with his navigation equipment and radio disabled the man sails unknowingly into the path of a violent storm . despite his success in patching the breached hull his mariner 's intuition and a strength that belies his age the man barely survives the tempest . using only a sextant and nautical maps to chart his progress he is forced to rely on ocean currents to carry him into a shipping lane in hopes of hailing a passing vessel . but with the sun unrelenting sharks circling and his meager supplies dwindling the ever -resourceful sailor soon finds himself staring his mortality in the face .
the earth was ravaged by the formics an alien race seemingly determined to destroy humanity . fifty years later the people of earth remain banded together to prevent their own annihilation from this technologically superior alien species . ender wiggin a quiet but brilliant boy may become the savior of the human race . he is separated from his beloved sister and his terrifying brother and brought to battle school in orbit around earth . he will be tested and honed into an empathetic killer who begins to despise what he does as he learns to fight in hopes of saving earth and his family .
just when the streets seemed safe a serial killer with a fetish for scalps is back and on the hunt . frank is the withdrawn owner of a mannequin store but his life changes when young artist anna appears asking for his help with her new exhibition . as their friendship develops and frank 's obsession escalates it becomes clear that she has unleashed a long -repressed compulsion to stalk and kill .
amidst the rain in a singing city two umbrellas - one blue one not - fall eternally in love .
the toys go on a road trip when an unexpected event leads them to a roadside motel after one of the toys goes missing the others find themselves caught up in a mysterious monstrous and terrifying sequence of events that must be solved before they all suffer the same fate
the warrior thor (hemsworth) is cast out of the fantastic realm of asgard by his father odin (hopkins) for his arrogance and sent to earth to live among humans . falling in love with scientist jane foster (portman) teaches thor much -needed lessons and his new -found strength comes into play as a villain from his homeland sends dark forces toward earth .
in dallas electrician and hustler ron woodroof works around the system to help aids patients get the medication they need after he is diagnosed with the disease .
marc maron returns to his old stomping grounds for an intimate special in which he takes stock of himself . more than ever maron is raw and hilariously honest as he dissects his own ...
an official selection at the cannes film festival the selfish giant is a contemporary fable about year old arbor (conner chapman ) and his best friend swifty (shaun thomas ). excluded from school and outsiders in their own neighborhood the two boys meet kitten (sean gilder ) a local scrap dealer . wandering their town with just a horse and a cart they begin collecting scrap metal for him . swifty has a natural gift with horses while arbor emulates kitten - keen to impress him and make some money . however kitten favors swifty leaving arbor feeling hurt and excluded driving a wedge between the boys . as arbor becomes increasingly greedy and exploitative tensions build leading to a tragic event that transforms them all .
a loan shark is forced to reconsider his violent lifestyle after the arrival of a mysterious woman claiming to be his long -lost mother .
four sommeliers attempt to pass the prestigious master sommelier exam a test with one of the lowest pass rates in the world .
billy (michael douglas ) paddy (robert de niro ) archie (morgan freeman ) and sam (kevin kline ) have been best friends since childhood . so when billy the group 's sworn bachelor finally proposes to his thirty -something (of course ) girlfriend the four head to las vegas with a plan to stop acting their age and relive their glory days . however upon arriving the four quickly realize that the decades have transformed sin city and tested their friendship in ways they never imagined . the rat pack may have once played the sands and cirque du soleil may now rule the strip but it 's these four who are taking over vegas .
a documentary that celebrates rick hall the founder of fame studios in muscle shoals alabama and the signature sound he developed in songs such as "i'll take you there " "brown sugar " and "when a man loves a woman ".
on his birthday actor stephen tobolowsky shares a series of personal and professional stories .
martin a young argentine student is exploring the reactions of his sports coach sebastian while vying for his love and affection . he has an opportunity - one night to push the envelope ...
a world -weary political journalist picks up the story of a woman 's search for her son who was taken away from her decades ago after she became pregnant and was forced to live in a convent .
anna a young novitiate nun in poland is on the verge of taking her vows when she discovers a dark family secret dating back to the years of the german occupation .
a former marine admiral steals the dyna stones and stands in the way of the straw hat pirates .
a former marine admiral steals the dyna stones and stands in the way of the straw hat pirates .
katniss everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister 's place in the hunger games a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve districts of panem are chosen at random to fight to the death .
bilbo baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost dwarf kingdom of erebor from the fearsome dragon smaug . approached out of the blue by the wizard gandalf the grey bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior thorin oakenshield . their journey will take them into the wild ; through treacherous lands swarming with goblins and orcs deadly wargs and giant spiders shapeshifters and sorcerers . although their goal lies to the east and the wastelands of the lonely mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels where bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... gollum . here alone with gollum on the shores of an underground lake the unassuming bilbo baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him he also gains possession of gollum 's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of all middle -earth in ways bilbo cannot begin to know .
while hunting in the forest lord asano of ako and his samurai find a young half -breed and take him with them to live in the castle . several years later lord asano holds a tournament to welcome the shogun to ako . the night after the tournament lord asano is bewitched into hurting lord kira of nagato and is punished into committing seppuku by the shogun . realizing that it was a lord kira 's evil plot the samurais and the half -breed sets out for revenge against the shogun 's order .
david wozniak is a man who is irresponsible and unreliable which doesn 't exactly endear him to his family and his girlfriend . and when she tells him that she 's pregnant she tells him she plans to do it on her own because she can 't count on him . one day a lawyer shows up and talks to him about the fact that twenty years ago he was a sperm donor for about a year and his sperm was used to father over children . and now over of them want to know who he is but because he signed a confidentiality agreement they can 't be told who he is . so they are going to court to try to get the confidentiality set aside . his lawyer tells him that they can win this . but when the lawyer who saw him gives him info on the ones who want to see him he takes a peek at one and decides to go see him and not tell him he 's the father . he then goes out and checks out some of his other children and doesn 't tell them who he is and connects with them . his lawyer tells him it could jeopardize their case especially since he can get a big settlement which he can use to pay back some people he borrowed from who "tell" him to pay or else .
while traveling abroad a guy falls for a romanian beauty whose unreachable heart has its origins in her violent charismatic ex .
anna a fearless optimist sets off on an epic journey - teaming up with rugged mountain man kristoff and his loyal reindeer sven - to find her sister elsa whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom of arendelle in eternal winter . encountering everest -like conditions mystical trolls and a hilarious snowman named olaf anna and kristoff battle the elements in a race to save the kingdom . from the outside anna 's sister elsa looks poised regal and reserved but in reality she lives in fear as she wrestles with a mighty secret -she was born with the power to create ice and snow . it 's a beautiful ability but also extremely dangerous . haunted by the moment her magic nearly killed her younger sister anna elsa has isolated herself spending every waking minute trying to suppress her growing powers . her mounting emotions trigger the magic accidentally setting off an eternal winter that she can 't stop . she fears she 's becoming a monster and that no one not even her sister can help her .
trigun takes place in the distant future on a deserted planet . vash the stampede is a gunfighter with a legend so ruthless that he has a bounty on his head . entire towns evacuate at the rumor of his arrival . however the real vash the stampede is not the same man that rumor portrays him to be . the enigmatic and conflicted lead character in trigun is actually more heroic in nature ; as well as a complete and utter idiot at times .
follow a week in the life of a young folk singer as he navigates the greenwich village folk scene of . guitar in tow huddled against the unforgiving new york winter he is struggling to make it as a musician against seemingly insurmountable obstacles -- some of them of his own making .
jordan belfort is a long island penny stockbroker who served months in prison for defrauding investors in a massive securities scam that involved widespread corruption on wall street and in the corporate banking world including shoe designer steve madden .
follows nelson mandela from his early protests against racial discrimination to his election as south africa 's first democratically elected leader .
for people who don 't believe the events of grave encounters encounters film student alex wright is out to prove them wrong . alex is as obsessed with the first film as the million people who viewed its viral trailer on youtube . while he and his friends research the events and visit the real psychiatric hospital depicted in the original film they find themselves face -to-face with unspeakable evil banking on the hope that their knowledge of the original film will help them survive the sequel .
when the angels start attacking the planet earth in the year only a handful of -year-old eva pilots are able to stop them . young shinji ikari suddenly finds himself forced to pilot eva a giant organic mecha designed and constructed by nerv that is the only thing that can stop the angels .
two french canadian ne 'er-do-wells travel to new york city with a scheme to get rich quick selling christmas trees . easygoing charmer rene (paul rudd ) clashes with misanthropic ex -con dennis (paul giamatti ) whose wife rene just stole . still this odd couple must make an honest go of it in this buddy comedy .
a con man irving rosenfeld along with his seductive partner sydney prosser is forced to work for a wild fbi agent richie dimaso who pushes them into a world of jersey powerbrokers and mafia .
the manager of the negative assets sector of life magazine walter mitty has been working for sixteen years for the magazine and has a tedious life not going anywhere but from his home to his job and vice -versa. he is an escapist daydreaming into a world of fantasy many times a day . walter has a crush on the recently hired cheryl melhoff but he is too shy to invite her on a date and he is trying to contact her via online dating . the magazine is preparing to release its last printed edition and the loathsome manager of transition ted hendricks is preparing an inevitable downsizing over the next few days . walter has been the liaison between the magazine and the mysterious independent photographer sean o 'connell who has sent to him a package of negatives and a wallet as a gift for his work . sean also suggests to the senior management the use of negative for the cover of the last edition . however walter cannot find the negative that is missing . walter has no means to contact sean and finds a clue that he might be in greenland . he decides to travel to greenland to track sean down in the beginning of an unbelievable adventure .
theodore is a lonely man in the final stages of his divorce . when he 's not working as a letter writer his down time is spent playing video games and occasionally hanging out with friends . he decides to purchase the new which is advertised as the world 's first artificially intelligent operating system "it's not just an operating system it 's a consciousness " the ad states . theodore quickly finds himself drawn in with samantha the voice behind his . as they start spending time together they grow closer and closer and eventually find themselves in love . having fallen in love with his os theodore finds himself dealing with feelings of both great joy and doubt . as an os samantha has powerful intelligence that she uses to help theodore in ways others hadn 't but how does she help him deal with his inner conflict of being in love with an os ?
an intimate and candid look at the life and art of the legendary composer -lyricist.
it 's eviction night at the big brother house but something very strange is happening ; the dead are coming alive and attacking the living . when zombies attack all of the audience outside the big brother contestants are unaware of the death outside the fan -proof (and zombie -proof) big brother house until the show 's runner kelly comes into the house and warns them of the doom outside . stuck with even less contact with the outside world the house -mates must sneak out of the house to get supplies without being seen by the zombies .
marcus luttrell and his team set out on a mission to capture or kill notorious taliban leader ahmad shah in late june . marcus and his team are left to fight for their lives in one of the most valiant efforts of modern warfare .
zatoichi promises to deliver a maiden safely home but finds two dangerous gangs have a mysterious interest in the young girl .
geography club is based on brent hartinger 's best -selling critically acclaimed novel : "what am i looking for ?" asks -year old russell middlebrook of himself as he heads off on his newest adventure . russell is still going on dates with girls while kevin will do anything to prevent his football teammates from finding out what he is concealing min and terese tell everyone they 're really just good friends and ike can 't figure out who he is or what he wants to be . but the truth is too hard to hide - at least from each other - so they form the geography club . nobody else will discover the truth about them as no other students in their right minds would ever join a club that sounds so boring . their secrets will be safe from classmates . but are they ? "geography club " is a smart fast moving and funny account of contemporary teenagers as they discover their own sexual identities dreams and values and not merely live out their parents ' desires and ambitions . russell kevin min terese and ike may not learn about actual places in their undercover social club but they daringly explore the danger -filled clique -mined landscape of goodkind high school and courageously begin their journey in the exciting still uncharted terrain of the human heart .
author p .l. travers reflects on her childhood after reluctantly meeting with walt disney who seeks to adapt her mary poppins books for the big screen .
after being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years oh dae -su is released only to find that he must find his captor in five days .
having left san diego for new york city ron burgundy is living the high life with his wife veronica corningstone and son walter burgundy . however when the boss decides to promote veronica to full time lead anchor and fire ron everything changes . now heading back to san diego ron is washed up and working part time at sea world . his shot at redemption though comes in the form of a man named freddie schapp who 's an executive producer at the global news network the world 's first hour round the clock news channel . he hires ron who proceeds to reunite the news team of champ brick and brian and head back to new york city . while there ron and his news team are given the graveyard shift and a challenge . ron comes up with a radical new idea to transform the news and that puts him at the top of the game once again . but how long will ron 's newfound fame last ? and will brick finally find true love ?
set in the entire world is frozen except for those aboard the snowpiercer . for years the world 's survivors are on a train hurtling around the globe creating their own economy and class system . led by curtis a group of lower -class citizens living in squalor at the back of the train are determined to get to the front of the train and spread the wealth around . each section of the train holds new surprises for the group who have to battle their way through . a revolution is underway .
the inside story of the planning execution rousing aftermath and ultimate downfall of the kidnappers of beer tycoon alfred "freddy" heineken which resulted in the largest ransom ever paid for an individual .
duke is a crooked and music -mad police officer . frankly he 's a really bad cop . he deals recreational drugs and loves to bully the citizens of los angeles . among duke 's partners in the department are a sexually abusive policeman an extortionist blonde a family guy with a dubious past and a one -eyed extremist who dreams of becoming a techno musician . their once smoothly running corrupt scheme develops a critical flaw when a guy whom duke shots by accident and stuffs in the trunk of his car suddenly turns out to be alive ...
ross penny and crash young ... outsiders from different tribes embark on a road trip to a huge punk show . ross is the love child of trish and heroin bob who died before ross was born . during their odyssey and with the help of a healthy dose of drugs alcohol and punk music ross shreds his darkly gothic outlook and embraces life . his mother trish who raised ross alone in her steam punk shop discovers that he is in a crisis . she recruits his 'uncles' bob 's old slc gang to help find him . when all collide at the concert they are forced to deal with their unresolved relationships with bob .
on the last wednesday before the spring solstice ushers in the persian new year people set off fireworks following an ancient zoroastrian tradition . rouhi spending her first day at a new job finds herself in the midst of a different kind of fireworks -- a domestic dispute between her new boss and his wife .
for years bruce springsteen has influenced fans from all over . his songs defined more than a generation . this film gives the fans just as much time as the boss himself with never shown footage and live performances from his last tour .
a vagrant enters the lives of an arrogant upper -class family turning their lives into a psychological nightmare in the process .
henry "razor" sharp and billy "the kid " mcdonnen are two boxers who thirty years ago were rivals . just before a big match razor decides to retire because billy slept with his girlfriend sally rose and got her pregnant . today a promoter dante slate wants to have them fight each other but razor doesn 't want to . but when he loses his job and learns he 's broke he has no choice . so he trains under his old trainer . billy while training meets b .j. the son he had with sally rose and he asks b .j. to train him . and sally rose tries to get razor to forgive her but he can 't.
after moving into a suburban home a couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence .
adam (tom hiddleston ) an underground musician reunites with his lover for centuries (tilda swinton ) after he becomes depressed and tired with the direction human society has taken . their love is interrupted and tested by her wild and uncontrollable little sister (mia wasikowska ).
several voice actors discuss their art and their careers .
reformed criminal gets blackmailed into doing one last job when former partner crawls out of the woodwork .
after learning that he is from another planet a warrior named goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies .
like father portrays a family in crisis focusing on the dislocations of grandfather father and son . pigeon man arthur elliott a year -old whose working life in the pit gave him a strong sense of identity and pride is losing his allotment to the local authority 's coastal redevelopment scheme . working as a trumpet player a teacher and a club singer as well as running an agency for club acts year old ex -miner joe elliott can just about scrape a living out of his music but he is losing his wife . year old michael elliott who is living with the pit village folklore and the wreckage of the coal industry is left to grapple with his own realities . each of the three generations is struggling to come to terms with the past and find the ties that bind them . the three separate but essentially integrated worlds unfold against the rich and extraordinary backdrop of east durham 's landscapes and locations . it is the second film in amber 's coalfield trilogy . the scar explored the lives of women in the aftermath of the failed miners ' strike of and the closure of durham 's last pit in . the third film shooting magpies looks at the post -industrial generation and the impacts of heroin in the colliery villages of east durham . development of like father began in . its dramatic content originated from actual lives and the unfolding of real events . incorporating documentary situations the film features strong performances from both professional and non -professional actors alike . strongly committed to nurturing latent natural talent amber took the bold step of casting local people with no previous acting experience in each of the three main roles : ned kelly as arthur ; jonathon dent as michael ; and joe armstrong who himself an ex -miner plays joe and wrote the brass band suite which features in the film as a commission for his character .
the other shore follows world record holder and legendary swimmer diana nyad as she comes out of a thirty -year retirement to re -attempt an elusive dream : swimming miles non -stop from cuba to florida without the use of a shark cage . her past and present collide in her obsession with a feat that nobody has ever accomplished . at the edge of the devil 's triangle tropical storms sharks venomous jellyfish and one of the strongest ocean currents in the world all prove to be life -threatening realities . timothy wheeler 's documentary brings diana nyad 's extraordinary adventure to life as diana sets out to prove that will and determination are all you need to make the unimaginable possible .
follows the adventures of an extraordinarily strong young boy named goku as he searches for the seven dragon balls . these balls when combined can grant the owner any one wish he desires . along the way he makes many new friends and enemies and he trains to become the strongest fighter in the world .
ben must prove he is good enough to date cop james ' sister . by doing this he goes on a "ride along " to show that he is not weak and he will do whatever it takes to get james ' approval but along the way runs into a few obstacles that he has to overcome in a very funny way .
tom clancy 's jack ryan follows an up -and-coming cia analyst thrust into a dangerous field assignment for the first time . the series follows ryan as he uncovers a pattern in terrorist communication that launches him into the center of a dangerous gambit with a new breed of terrorism that threatens destruction on a global scale .
set in a futuristic dystopia where society is divided into five factions that each represent a different virtue teenagers have to decide if they want to stay in their faction or switch to another - for the rest of their lives . tris prior makes a choice that surprises everyone . then tris and her fellow faction -members have to live through a highly competitive initiation process to live out the choice they have made . they must undergo extreme physical and intense psychological tests that transform them all . but tris has a secret that she is divergent which means she doesn 't fit into any one group . if anyone knew it would mean a certain death . as she discovers a growing conflict that threatens to unravel her seemingly peaceful society this secret might help her save the people she loves ... or it might destroy her .
a prologue of one heart -breaking history of love and the prologue of the travel told in the darjeeling limited
two teenage siblings endure a terrifying experience while investigating a rural legend near their family 's vacation home .
in a remote town in ireland eleven -year-old niamh finds herself the sole survivor of a bloody massacre that killed her parents and younger brother . suspecting a gang of homicidal vandals the police ignore niamh 's explanation that the house is the culprit . to help ease her trauma dutiful neighbors nat and lucas take her in with the supervision of a social worker . niamh has trouble finding peace with the wholesome and nurturing couple and horrific danger continues to manifest .
yeh jawaani hai deewani is the story of the relationship between two characters bunny (ranbir kapoor ) & naina (deepika padukone ) at two separate but defining times in their lives ... first when they are just out of college and standing on the crossroads of multiple decisions that will shape who and what they become ... and then later on in their late -twenties when they meet again holding on to certain fulfilled and certain unfulfilled dreams at a crossroads of another nature this time ... how these two characters affect change befriend and eventually fall in love with each other is the journey the film aspires to take us on ..
leonard hofstadter and sheldon cooper are both brilliant physicists working at cal tech in pasadena california . they are colleagues best friends and roommates although in all capacities their relationship is always tested primarily by sheldon 's regimented deeply eccentric and non -conventional ways . they are also friends with their cal tech colleagues mechanical engineer howard wolowitz and astrophysicist rajesh koothrappali . the foursome spend their time working on their individual work projects playing video games watching science -fiction movies or reading comic books . as they are self -professed nerds all have little or no luck with women . when penny a pretty woman and an aspiring actress from omaha moves into the apartment across the hall from leonard and sheldon 's leonard has another aspiration in life namely to get penny to be his girlfriend .
a comic and visually striking film about a man 's journey following a piece of string which promises to lead him to happiness .
inept and manic english hotel owner and manager basil fawlty isn 't cut out for his job . he 's intolerant rude and paranoid . all hell frequently breaks loose as basil tries to run the hotel constantly under verbal (and sometime physical ) attack from his unhelpful wife sybil and hindered by the incompetent but easy target manuel ; their spanish waiter .
in the two brothers battle killer waves conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick -start the modern surf industry .
two jedi knights escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the force but the long dormant sith resurface to reclaim their old glory .
following multiple recon marines during the invasion of iraq in a group of mixed personalities you see the dysfunctionality of the military and on other times how formalized and heroic it can be . a rolling stones reporter joins reconnaissance marines invading iraq and recounts the mix of horrors and hilarity he encounters during his time there .
a strait -laced pharmacist 's uneventful life spirals out of control when he starts an affair with a trophy -wife customer who takes him on a joyride involving sex drugs and possibly murder .
adam bell is a toronto area history college professor . he is a rather somber man largely because he is stuck in a routine which includes a relationship with his live -in girlfriend mary . while watching a rental movie he spots an actor in a bit part that looks like him . he becomes obsessed with finding out about this double of his . he learns that the actor 's stage name is daniel saint claire whose legal name is anthony claire . claire is a toronto based actor with only a few on -screen credits and is married to a woman named helen who is currently several months pregnant . adam then becomes obsessed with meeting claire who he learns upon first sighting that they look exactly the same from the facial hair to a scar each has but claire who outwardly is more "put together " than adam . their lives become intertwined as claire himself ends up becoming obsessed with adam but in a slightly different way .
a modern man 's trespass of the island of the amazons enables an imprisoned war god to escape and princess diana wins the responsibility to recapture him .
the lego movie is a animated film which follows lead character emmet a completely ordinary lego mini -figure who is identified as the most "extraordinary person " and the key to saving the lego universe . emmet and his friends go on an epic journey to stop the evil tyrant lord business .
the year is and multinational conglomerate omnicorp is at the center of robot technology . overseas their drones have been used by the military for years - and it 's meant billions for omnicorp 's bottom line . now omnicorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front and they see a golden opportunity to do it . when alex murphy (joel kinnaman ) - a loving husband father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in detroit - is critically injured in the line of duty omnicorp sees their chance for a part -man part -robot police officer . omnicorp envisions a robocop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders but they never counted on one thing : there is still a man inside the machine pursuing justice .
crunch calhoun (kurt russell ) a third rate motorcycle daredevil and semi -reformed art thief agrees to get back into the con game and pull off one final lucrative art theft with his untrustworthy brother nicky (matt dillon ). reassembling the old team crunch comes up with a plan to steal a priceless historical book but the successful heist leads to another far riskier plan devised by nicky . they fail to realize each other 's separate agendas when their plan goes awry in this con movie about honor revenge and the bonds of brotherhood .
spike spiegel is a bounty hunter in the far future with an easy going attitude and some deadly skill at martial arts . together with his partners jet black and later faye valentine as well they go from job to job across the galaxy looking for the high priced fugitives to bag .
live -action role players conjure up a demon from hell by mistake and they must deal with the consequences .
reed richards a brilliant but timid and bankrupt scientist is convinced that evolution can be triggered by clouds of cosmic energy and has calculated that earth is going to pass one of these clouds soon . together with his friend and partner the gruff yet gentle astronaut muscle -man ben grimm reed convinces his conceited mit classmate dr . victor von doom now ceo of his own enterprise to allow him access to his privately -owned space station . von doom agrees in exchange for control over the experiment and a majority of the profits from whatever benefits it brings . he thus brings aboard susan storm his shy though assertive chief genetics researcher and a former lover of reed 's with whom she had an acrimonious break -up and her diametrically opposed brother johnny the maverick and hot -headed playboy pilot . the astronauts make it home intact ; however before long they begin to mutate developing strange and amazing powers as a result of their exposure to the cloud ! reed is able to stretch like rubber ; sue can turn invisible and create force fields especially when angered ; johnny can produce fire at supernova temperatures and is able to fly ; and ben is transformed into "the thing " a large rock -like creature with super strength . after ben brooding about his situation on the brooklyn bridge inadvertently causes a major traffic pile -up whilst attempting to stop a man about to commit suicide the four manage to use their powers to prevent any loss of life and to rescue a fire truck and its crew from falling off the bridge in a resulting explosion . the media dubs the team the 'fantastic four ' and whilst johnny eagerly embraces his powers and new life ben - the most heavily disfigured - particularly suffers from his transformation ; his disfigurement has caused his fiance to abandon him and has seen him shunned and feared by much of new york . blaming himself reed vows to return ben to his human form and he sue and ben work on a cure constructing a healing chamber in reed 's high tech baxter building loft -turned-laboratory. during this time reed and susan begin to grow close once again and susan admits that she is not interested in victor but ended their relationship because reed feared to commit thinking only in terms of variables . unknown to the others however victor 's body is also mutating ; he is turning into organic metal capable of absorbing and manipulating electrical energy known as doctor doom . as a result of the disastrous expedition his company is going bankrupt and he is losing public stature ; blaming reed for his misfortunes victor swears revenge . and reed ben susan and johnny must defeat victor von doom and foil his evil plans once and for all .
an actress attempts to convince a director how she 's perfect for a role in his upcoming production .
two guys who make a pact to lose their virginity before prom find their friendship tested when one of them comes out of the closet .
a hugely talented but socially isolated computer operator is tasked by management to prove the zero theorem : that the universe ends as nothing rendering life meaningless . but meaning is what he already craves .
new york city is subsumed in arctic winds dark nights and white lights its life unfolds for it is an extraordinary hive of the imagination the greatest house ever built and nothing exists that can check its vitality . one night in winter peter lake (colin farrell ) orphan and master -mechanic attempts to rob a fortress -like mansion on the upper west side . though he thinks the house is empty the daughter of the house is home . thus begins the love between peter an irish burglar in his early 's and beverly penn (jessica brown findlay ) a young girl who is dying .
bilbo baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost dwarf kingdom of erebor from the fearsome dragon smaug . approached out of the blue by the wizard gandalf the grey bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior thorin oakenshield . their journey will take them into the wild ; through treacherous lands swarming with goblins and orcs deadly wargs and giant spiders shapeshifters and sorcerers . although their goal lies to the east and the wastelands of the lonely mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels where bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... gollum . here alone with gollum on the shores of an underground lake the unassuming bilbo baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him he also gains possession of gollum 's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of all middle -earth in ways bilbo cannot begin to know .
a struggling motel owner and her daughter are taken hostage by a nearly blind career criminal to be his eyes as he attempts to retrieve his cash package from a crooked cop .
three friends plot to get rid of their socially inappropriate friend by finding him a wife but when he meets a woman just like him their problems double .
lake is an unusual boy : he is a young man with an old soul who discovers he has an odd fixation on the elderly . realizing that some day if fate allows he will be one himself he is particularly fascinated by old men . he imagines their age to be a beautiful thing and recognizes how these men were once young and vibrant and attractive as he is now . although lake has a girlfriend his own age named desiree he wonders sometimes if his fixation on old men is unnatural and unhealthy - perhaps even sexual . when his mother who is a nurse takes on a management job at an old folks home lake jumps at her offer of a summer job as an orderly there . gradually lake comes to discover that the old people in the institution are being given psychotropic drugs to keep them in a catatonic state . lake befriends one old man in particular mr . peabody who still seems to have some fight left in him . they begin to form a strong bond . mr . peabody charms lake with romantic stories of his youth and confesses his dream of seeing the ocean one last time . avoiding the vigilant eye of nurse baptiste who administers shots and pills to the old folks lake starts to wean mr . peabody off his medication . eventually lake springs mr . peabody from the institution . together they embark on a road trip telling everyone they meet that the old man is his grandfather and that they 're driving to the pacific ocean . after numerous life -changing escapades lake is finally ready to accept his true feelings for mr . peabody but everything changes when the trip takes a sudden turn .
follow two couples as they journey from the bar to the bedroom and are eventually put to the test in the real world .
the adventures of gustave h a legendary concierge at a famous hotel from the fictional republic of zubrowka between the first and second world wars and zero moustafa the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend .
jason has just been dumped but he didn 't even realize they were going out . meanwhile mikey 's wife has just asked him for a divorce and perpetually single daniel is still single . the three best friends are determined to stay single together and just have fun . but then jason meets ellie who just might be perfect for him daniel starts to realize that his gal pal chelsea might be perfect for him and mikey has always thought that his wife was perfect for him . the boys are going to have to juggle their single life with their romantic entanglements and it 's going to get awkward .
earth 's future has been riddled by disasters famines and droughts . there is only one way to ensure mankind 's survival : interstellar travel . a newly discovered wormhole in the far reaches of our solar system allows a team of astronauts to go where no man has gone before a planet that may have the right environment to sustain human life .
a company retreat on a tropical island goes terribly awry .
bill marks a former cop dealing with his daughter 's death by drinking is now a federal air marshal . while on a flight from new york to london marks gets a text telling him that unless million dollars is transferred to an offshore account someone will die every minutes . can he find the terrorist in time and save everyone ?
king leonidas of sparta and a force of men fight the persians at thermopylae in b .c.
as the large hadron collider is about to be launched for the first time physicists are on the cusp of the greatest scientific discovery of all time -- or perhaps their greatest failure .
a twenty -something comedienne 's unplanned pregnancy forces her to confront the realities of independent womanhood for the first time .
cheap thrills follows craig (pat healy compliance ) a struggling family man who loses his low -wage job and is threatened with eviction . in an effort to delay facing the music at home he heads to a local bar and encounters an old friend (ethan embry empire records ). the two friends are roped into a round of drinks by a charismatic and obscenely wealthy stranger (david koechner anchorman ) along with his mysterious wife (sara paxton the inkeepers ). the couple engages the two friends in a series of innocent dares in exchange for money over the course of the evening with each challenge upping the ante in both reward and boundaries . it seems like easy and much needed money but the couple 's twisted sense of humor pushes just how far craig and his friend are willing to go for money and cheap thrills . (c) drafthouse
the time -travelling adventures of an advanced canine and his adopted son as they endeavor to fix a time rift they created .
a mysterious woman seduces lonely men in the evening hours in scotland . events lead her to begin a process of self -discovery.
framed by an ex -partner for a murder he did not commit tobey marshall a financially struggling custom -car builder and street -racer spends two years in jail thinking about one moment . fresh out of prison he reacquires the fastest car his workshop ever built and sold and seeks to enter a secretive and extremely high -stakes race known as the deleon . his purpose ; redemption recognition from the world of racing and to solve his problems . yet all this fades in comparison to his driving reason . revenge . above all revenge . this is a story about love redemption revenge and motor oil all swirled together but above all ; it 's a story about fast fast cars .
the "black sheep " son of a wealthy family meets a young psychiatric patient who 's been raised in isolation her entire life . he takes the naive young woman home for his brother 's wedding to convince his family that he 's finally straightened out his life . she impresses the family with her genuine if unstable charm . along the way they fall into an improbable love
after her best friend is murdered and her father is removed as county sheriff veronica mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of neptune .
a spelling bee loser sets out to exact revenge by finding a loophole and attempting to win as an adult .
during world war ii a brave patriotic american soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier "captain america ." racing to germany to sabotage the rockets of nazi baddie "red skull " captain america winds up frozen until the . he reawakens to find that the red skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the president of the united states .
eric love (o'connell) is a year old teenager who is so violent he has been 'starred up ' (moved to adult prison ) where he finds his father neville (mendelsohn) who eric hasn 't seen since he was (since he was put into care ). neville tries to get eric to settle down so eric gets a chance to go through therapy with oliver (friend).
a man is chosen by his world 's creator to undertake a momentous mission before an apocalyptic flood cleanses the world .
tom berninger chronicles his time spent on the road as a member of the tour crew for the national the rock & roll band fronted by his brother matt .
while on a grand world tour the muppets find themselves wrapped into an european jewel -heist caper headed by a kermit the frog look -alike and his dastardly sidekick .
the eccentric year -old helen narrates the story of her life including stories about her preferred sexual practices that involve vegetables her attitude towards hygiene drugs her best friend corinna and her challenging childhood . the frame story takes place in a hospital where she is treated because of an anal fissure . during her stay she plans to reunite her divorced parents and falls in love with the male nurse robin .
three people - a rich couple and a crew member - are shipwrecked on a tropical island and their subsequent fight for survival becomes even tougher when they begin to turn on each other .
it 's draft day in the nfl and as general manager of the cleveland browns sonny is forced to come up with a big move . after trading for the number one pick sonny has to choose between a lower -ranked linebacker with a questionable past or a celebrated quarterback with a questionable future . all the while sonny is walking in the footsteps of his father and personal complications force their way to the surface .
three girls in stockholm decide to form a punk band -- despite not having any instruments and being told by everyone that punk is dead .
he thought it was over . after fighting his way out of a building filled with gangsters and madmen - a fight that left the bodies of police and gangsters alike piled in the halls - rookie jakarta cop rama thought it was done and he could resume a normal life . he couldn 't have been more wrong . formidable though they may have been rama 's opponents in that fateful building were nothing more than small fish swimming in a pond much larger than he ever dreamed possible . and his triumph over the small fry has attracted the attention of the predators farther up the food chain . his family at risk rama has only one choice to protect his infant son and wife : he must go undercover to enter the criminal underworld himself and climb through the hierarchy of competing forces until it leads him to the corrupt politicians and police pulling the strings at the top of the heap . and so rama begins a new odyssey of violence a journey that will force him to set aside his own life and history and take on a new identity as the violent offender "yuda." in prison he must gain the confidence of uco - the son of a prominent gang kingpin - to join the gang himself laying his own life on the line in a desperate all -or-nothing gambit to bring the whole rotten enterprise to an end .
we 've always known that spider -man's most important conflict has been within himself : the struggle between the ordinary obligations of peter parker and the extraordinary responsibilities of spider -man. but in the amazing spider -man peter parker finds that his greatest battle is about to begin . it 's great to be spider -man. for peter parker there 's no feeling quite like swinging between skyscrapers embracing being the hero and spending time with gwen . but being spider -man comes at a price : only spider -man can protect his fellow new yorkers from the formidable villains that threaten the city . with the emergence of electro peter must confront a foe far more powerful than he . and as his old friend harry osborn returns peter comes to realize that all of his enemies have one thing in common : oscorp .
father james is a small -town priest in ireland whose sunday confessionals suddenly include a threat to kill him in a week 's time as a matter of principle . deeply troubled and conflicted about how to respond father james tries to go on with his calling through that week . however that proves impossible as he is confronted with a troubling variety of spiritual challenges from both his estranged daughter and his own parishioners . in those dispiriting struggles father james ' life begins to fall apart as time runs out towards a confrontation that seems to crystallize his values and what he wants his life to be .
the twenty -one year -old timothy "tim" allen russell is discharged from a mental institution by his psychiatric dr . shawn graham completely healed from a childhood trauma where his father purportedly tortured and killed his mother before being killed himself by tim . his sister kaylie welcomes him in the parking area and brings him home . then she tells that they need to destroy an ancient mirror that she has found through working at an auction house . she then steals the mirror and the reluctant tim follows his sister and has fragmented recollections from their childhood going back to when his father alan buys a mirror for the home office of their new family home . kaylie and tim see a woman with their father in his office and the behaviors of alan and marie change ending in a family tragedy . kaylie blames the mirror and now she wants to destroy it with tim . will they succeed ?
when a protective father meets a murderous ex -con both need to deviate from the path they are on as they soon find themselves entangled in a downwards spiral of lies and violence while having to confront their own inner psyche .
a gang of armed robbers disguised as street performers is on the run in a frantic attempt to escape from the police in the crowded streets of madrid after the robbery of a gold exchange pawn shop . with the unwilling help of a taxi driver they head towards the safety of the borders until night arrives and a safe place to rest is found in the notorious village of zugarramurdi known for some witch activity in the past . after numerous encounters with the bizarre the unexpected and the occult the clumsy thieves must learn fast the ways of the coven in order to save themselves and the world from the next witch apocalypse !
it 's a jungle out there for blu jewel and their three kids after they 're hurtled from rio de janeiro to the wilds of the amazon . as blu tries to fit in he goes beak -to-beak with the vengeful nigel and meets his father -in-law.
dr . will caster (johnny depp ) is the foremost researcher in the field of artificial intelligence working to create a sentient machine that combines the collective intelligence of everything ever known with the full range of human emotions . his highly controversial experiments have made him famous but they have also made him the prime target of anti -technology extremists who will do whatever it takes to stop him . however in their attempt to destroy will they inadvertently become the catalyst for him to succeed -to be a participant in his own transcendence . for his wife evelyn (rebecca hall ) and best friend max waters (paul bettany ) both fellow researchers the question is not if they can ...but if they should . their worst fears are realized as will 's thirst for knowledge evolves into a seemingly omnipresent quest for power to what end is unknown . the only thing that is becoming terrifyingly clear is there may be no way to stop him .
the parents of a girl who was killed by a savage dog are granted the opportunity to spend three days with their deceased daughter .
long considered a cult classic "mondo hollywood " captures the underside of hollywood by documenting a moment in time when an inquisitive trust in the unknown was paramount hope for the future was tangible and life was worth living on the fringe . an interior monologue narrative approach is used throughout the film where each principal person shown not only decided on what they wanted to be filmed doing but also narrated their own scenes . the film opens with gypsy boots (the original hippie vegan - desert hopping blender salesman ) and stripper jennie lee working out 'watusi-style' beneath the 'hollywood' sign -- leading into the 'sustainable community ' insight of lewis beach marvin iii the s &h green stamp heir who lived in a a month garage while owning a mountain retreat in malibu .
after discovering her boyfriend is married carly whitten tries to get her ruined life back on track . but when she accidentally meets the wife he 's been cheating on she realizes they have much in common and her sworn enemy becomes her greatest friend . when yet another affair is discovered all three women team up to plot mutual revenge on their cheating lying three -timing sob .
mushu the dragon takes a quick look behind the scenes of mulan 's recording sessions with interviews from several cast members .
an undercover detroit cop navigates a dangerous neighborhood that 's surrounded by a containment wall with the help of an ex -con in order to bring down a crime lord and his plot to devastate the entire city .
because he 's the oldest jake has been the man of the house since his parents divorce . when mom starts seeing sam who always seems to be trying some new way to get rich quick and ...
set against the space race of the early rocket is the portrait of a young girl who struggles to balance her love for swimming and the pressures of competition .
leaving the construction site on the eve of a major project construction manager ivan locke receives news that sends him driving the two hours from birmingham to london but even further from the life he once knew . making the decision that he has to make he then calls his wife his sons his co -workers and boss telling them the secret that he is bearing and trying to keep his job and family intact . but even more importantly he will have to face himself and the choices he has made .
after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house a couple with a newborn baby do whatever they can to take them down .
jayson blair is the most infamous serial plagiarist of our time . he unleashed the massive scandal that rocked the new york times and the entire world of journalism .
the story of cult film director alejandro jodorowsky 's ambitious but ultimately doomed film adaptation of the seminal science fiction novel .
belle is inspired by the true story of dido elizabeth belle (gugu mbatha -raw) the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a royal navy captain . raised by her aristocratic great -uncle lord mansfield (tom wilkinson ) and his wife (emily watson ) belle 's lineage affords her certain privileges yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing . left to wonder if she will ever find love belle falls for an idealistic young vicar 's son bent on change who with her help shapes lord mansfield 's role as lord chief justice to end slavery in england .
immigrant is the coming of age story of daanyik a nine year -old russian boy whose family immigrates to the united states in the late nineteen -seventies to pursue the american dream . daanyik 's childhood of pencil drawings and toy soldier battles in moscow is interrupted overnight as he is hurled into the harsh reality of adulthood in new york city . upon losing his father deema daanyik and his mother meela are left poor alone and helpless in a foreign land . out of desperation for survival meela begins a relationship with tolik an abusive man that may have had a hand in deema 's death . daanyik finds himself trapped in a precarious web of torment brought on by his new stepfather a lecherous rabbi and a neighborhood bully . drawing becomes his only source of comfort and catharsis . as his battles grow fiercer daanyik at the tender age of nine is left to overcome insurmountable odds to save himself and his mother from complete destruction .
it was supposed to be a simple job . all lucy had to do was deliver a mysterious briefcase to mr . jang . but immediately lucy is caught up in a nightmarish deal where she is captured and turned into a drug mule for a new and powerful synthetic drug . when the bag she is carrying inside of her stomach leaks lucy 's body undergoes unimaginable changes that begins to unlock her mind 's full potential . with her new -found powers lucy turns into a merciless warrior intent on getting back at her captors . she receives invaluable help from professor norman the leading authority on the human mind and french police captain pierre del rio .
in a world where both mutants and humans fear each other marie better known as rogue runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant known as logan a .k.a. wolverine . charles xavier who owns a school for young mutants sends storm and cyclops to bring them back before it is too late . magneto who believes a war is approaching has an evil plan in mind and needs young rogue to help him .
in the janjira nuclear plant was mysteriously destroyed with most hands lost including supervisor joe brody 's colleague and wife sandra . years later joe 's son ford a us navy ordnance disposal officer must go to japan to help his estranged father who obsessively searches for the truth of the incident . in doing so father and son discover the disaster 's secret cause on the wreck 's very grounds . this enables them to witness the reawakening of a terrible threat to all of humanity which is made all the worse with a second secret revival elsewhere . against this cataclysm the only hope for the world may be godzilla but the challenge for the king of the monsters will be great even as humanity struggles to understand the destructive ally they have .
a mysterious outsider 's quiet life is turned upside down when he returns to his childhood home to carry out an act of vengeance . proving himself an amateur assassin he winds up in a brutal fight to protect his estranged family .
a head chef quits his restaurant job and buys a food truck in an effort to reclaim his creative promise while piecing back together his estranged family .
a popular high school teacher concocts an extreme plan to deal with the rise of bullying and bad behavior among the student body .
abner audubon peacock (don knotts ) is the publisher of a bird -watcher's magazine which is converted into a girlie mag by an unscrupulous operator osborn tremaine (edmond o 'brien).
a gay activist attempts to raise hiv /aids awareness during the early .
after a bad blind date a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families where their attraction grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship .
a chance encounter between a disgraced music -business executive and a young singer -songwriter new to manhattan turns into a promising collaboration between the two talents .
kelly a punk -rocker turned suburban mom is nostalgic for a life she can no longer have and uncertain of a future she doesn 't yet fit in . seventeen -year-old cal is frustrated at his lack of control over the hand he 's been dealt . when the two strike up an unlikely friendship it 's the perfect spark needed to thrust them both back to life .
a vengeful fairy is driven to curse an infant princess only to discover that the child may be the one person who can restore peace to their troubled land .
zombeavers is an action -packed horror /comedy in which a group of college kids staying at a riverside cabin are menaced by a swarm of deadly zombie beavers . a weekend of sex and debauchery soon turns gruesome as the beavers close in on the kids . riding the line between scary sexy and funny the kids are soon fighting for their lives in a desperate attempt to fend off the hoard of beavers that attack them in and around their cabin .
two parents fall in love over the course of a single day while playing hooky from their children 's college tour .
set in in the american west albert is a lowly farmer with a nice girlfriend . but when she leaves him for the more successful and handsome owner of a moustachery store albert returns to his lonely daily life of trying to avoid death . then the mysterious anna rides into town and captures albert 's interest and heart but with her deadly husband in town albert is going to have to become the western gun -slinging hero he never was . it won 't be easy because there are a million ways to die in the west .
an alien race has hit the earth in an unrelenting assault unbeatable by any military unit in the world . major william cage (cruise) is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously dropped into what amounts to a suicide mission . killed within minutes cage now finds himself inexplicably thrown into a time loop -forcing him to live out the same brutal combat over and over fighting and dying again ...and again . but with each battle cage becomes able to engage the adversaries with increasing skill alongside special forces warrior rita vrataski (blunt). and as cage and vrataski take the fight to the aliens each repeated encounter gets them one step closer to defeating the enemy !
in the fourth installment of the mission impossible series ethan hunt and a new team race against time to track down hendricks a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the united states . an attempt by the team to stop him at the kremlin ends in a disaster with an explosion causing severe damage to the kremlin and the imf being implicated in the bombing forcing the president to invoke ghost protocol under which the imf is disavowed and will be offered no help or backup in any form . undaunted ethan and his team chase hendricks to dubai and from there to mumbai but several spectacular action sequences later they might still be too late to stop a disaster .
a sports agent stages an unconventional recruitment strategy to get talented indian cricket players to play major league baseball .
a young man of chinese -cambodian descent dies leaving behind his isolated mother and his -year male lover who grieve but don 't speak a lick of each other 's language .
two teenage cancer patients begin a life -affirming journey to visit a reclusive author in amsterdam .
raze a horror /action film focuses on two abducted women & other women who are forced to fight each other using their bare hands .
rapunzel and flynn rider have their wedding but pascal and maximus must recover the rings they lose in mid -ceremony.
winter . confined by her family to an asylum in the south of france - where she will never sculpt again - the chronicle of camille claudel 's reclusive life as she waits for a visit from her brother paul claudel .
the weiss family is the archetypical hollywood dynasty : father stafford is an analyst and coach who has made a fortune with his self -help manuals ; mother cristina mostly looks after the career of their son benjie a child star . one of stafford 's clients havana is an actress who dreams of shooting a remake of the movie that made her mother clarice a star in the . clarice is dead now and visions of her come to haunt havana at night ... adding to the toxic mix benjie has just come off a rehab program he joined when he was and his sister agatha has recently been released from a sanatorium where she was treated for criminal pyromania and befriended a limo driver jerome who is also an aspiring actor .
sometimes in order to move forward you have to go back . and in this raunchy comedy jim owens does just that when he heads home for his high school reunion . in an attempt to relive the glory days with his boys and explore an old romance he nearly destroys his hometown and friendships .
after making their way through high school (twice) big changes are in store for officers schmidt (jonah hill ) and jenko (channing tatum ) when they go deep undercover at a local college . but when jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team and schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene they begin to question their partnership . now they don 't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship . if these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men college might be the best thing that ever happened to them .
when blaire makes a decision that throws off all of her plans she to tries to defy fate in attempt to fix everything .
it 's been five years since hiccup and toothless successfully united dragons and vikings on the island of berk . while astrid snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island 's new favorite contact sport ) the now inseparable pair journey through the skies charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds . when one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious dragon rider the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace . now hiccup and toothless must unite to stand up for what they believe while recognizing that only together do they have the power to change the future of both men and dragons .
a winged superhero who gets his powers from the sun battles various evildoers with the help of his eagle sidekick avenger .
a mother and father and their three teen -age children move to a new home that was the scene of a "personal tragedy ". the son meets a mysterious neighbor girl and together they experiment with an old radio they find in the attic that can be used to communicate with the dead . something is unleashed that brings new horror .
the life of mason from early childhood to his arrival at college .
in the highly anticipated sequel which was inspired by steve harvey 's best -selling book act like a lady think like a man all the couples are back for a wedding in las vegas . but plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event .
the story of programming prodigy and information activist aaron swartz . from swartz 's help in the development of the basic internet protocol rss to his co -founding of reddit his fingerprints are all over the internet . but it was swartz 's groundbreaking work in social justice and political organizing combined with his aggressive approach to information access that ensnared him in a two year legal nightmare . it was a battle that ended with the taking of his own life at the age of . aaron 's story touched a nerve with people far beyond the online communities in which he was a celebrity . this film is a personal story about what we lose when we are tone deaf about technology and its relationship to our civil liberties .
a long time ago far away on the planet of cybertron a war is being waged between the noble autobots (led by the wise optimus prime ) and the devious decepticons (commanded by the dreaded megatron ) for control over the allspark a mystical talisman that would grant unlimited power to whoever possesses it . the autobots managed to smuggle the allspark off the planet but megatron blasts off in search of it . he eventually tracks it to the planet of earth (circa ) but his reckless desire for power sends him right into the arctic ocean and the sheer cold forces him into a paralyzed state . his body is later found by captain archibald witwicky but before going into a comatose state megatron uses the last of his energy to engrave into the captain 's glasses a map showing the location of the allspark and to send a transmission to cybertron . megatron is then carried away aboard the captain 's ship . a century later captain witwicky 's grandson sam witwicky (nicknamed spike by his friends ) buys his first car . to his shock he discovers it to be bumblebee an autobot in disguise who is to protect spike who possesses the captain 's glasses and the map engraved on them . but bumblebee is not the only transformer to have arrived on earth - in the desert of qatar the decepticons blackout and scorponok attack a u .s. military base causing the pentagon to send their special sector seven agents to capture all "specimens of this alien race ." spike and his girlfriend mikaela find themselves in the midst of a grand battle between the autobots and the decepticons stretching from hoover dam all the way to los angeles . meanwhile deep inside hoover dam the cryogenically stored body of megatron awakens .
real estate agent john maloof explains how a trip to a local auction house in search for old pictures to use for a history book about his neighborhood resulted in him bidding and winning a box full of old negatives . john goes through the massive quantity of negatives describes how impressed he is by the quality of the images becomes quickly determined they are not reverent to his project and just puts them away . that could have very likely had been the end of the story if the power of the images had not pushed him to fall in love with photography . john confides that his photo hobby quickly motivated him to set up a darkroom and devote large amounts of time shooting . as he learned more about photography he recognized that those negatives he had bought then stored were the work of a real master . in an attempt to confirm his suspicion he selected about images and put them online with the hope that the feedback would confirm his judgement as to the strength of the images .
jon a young wanna -be musician discovers he 's bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic frank .
a small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development .
dusty crophopper is a little cropduster plane with a fear of heights and a crazy dream of being a racer . while his friends need convincing dusty gets the training he needs from skipper a veteran fighter and qualifies for the wings across the world race . in the event dusty finds competitors who soon learn that there is something special about this underdog as he is tested to his physical and emotional limits . in doing so dusty soon finds enemies and more importantly friends who are inspired by his dream . in the face of all obstacles the winner of this air race will be anyone 's guess .
tammy who was recently fired from a topper jack 's fast food restaurant returns home only to find her husband enjoying a romantic meal with the neighbor . she quickly packs her necessities and travels down three houses to her parent 's home . upon denied use of her mom 's car to drive to niagara falls she quickly resorts to an "ailing" grandmother who also lives in the home ...only instead of traveling alone grandma pearl wants in on the road trip . after realizing grandma pearl has the funds they hit the road . pearl soon proves to be quite the alcoholic despite her diabetes and tammy quickly turns into the "baby-sitter." from finding love in a bar to robbing a topper jack 's in order to bail pearl out of jailthe quirky adventure will have you finding yourself riding along for the misadventures of tammy .
a single mother plagued by the violent death of her husband battles with her son 's fear of a monster lurking in the house but soon discovers a sinister presence all around her .
a cautionary tale between a superior species and its disgraced inferior - favoring pedigree dogs a new regulation puts a severe tax on mixed breeds . owners dump their dogs and shelters become overcrowded . -year-old lili fights desperately to protect her pet hagen but her father eventually sets the dog free on the streets .
a young and talented drummer attending a prestigious music academy finds himself under the wing of the most respected professor at the school one who does not hold back on abuse towards his students . the two form an odd relationship as the student wants to achieve greatness and the professor pushes him .
on the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary nick dunne reports that his wife amy has gone missing . under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy nick 's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble . soon his lies deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question : did nick dunne kill his wife ?
remake of jules et jim following the experiences over a decade of two friends who fall in love with the same woman enjoyably satirising the 's through the search by the three protagonists for their identities and making sharp attacks on cultural signposts of the decade along the way . the film also studies relationships what its director calls "wanting something permanent yet wanting to be free ".
'life itself ' recounts the surprising and entertaining life of world -renowned film critic and social commentator roger ebert - a story that 's by turns personal wistful funny painful and transcendent . the film explores the impact and legacy of roger ebert 's life : from his pulitzer prize -winning film criticism and his nearly quarter -century run with gene siskel on their review show to becoming one of the country 's most influential cultural voices and finally to roger 's inspiring battles with cancer and the resulting physical disability - how he literally and symbolically put a new face on the disease and continued to be a cultural force despite it .
a growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier . they reach a fragile peace but it proves short -lived as both sides are brought to the brink of a war that will determine who will emerge as earth 's dominant species .
the battered bastards of baseball is one of baseball 's last great unheralded true stories . in hollywood veteran bing russell (best known for playing deputy clem on "bonanza") created ...
a gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem .
on her birthday -year-old angeliki jumps off the balcony to her death with a smile on her face . an investigation is started as to the reason for this apparent suicide but the family keeps insisting that it was an accident .
blackfella charlie is out of sorts . the intervention is making life more difficult on his remote community what with the proper policing of whitefella laws now . so charlie takes off to live the old way but in so doing sets off a chain of events in his life that has him return to his community chastened and somewhat the wiser .
oren little has turned his back on all his neighbors and shunned the notion of being kind to others after the death of his wife . next door neighbor leah has put her soul and her tears into her stagnant singing career after the death of her husband . but then oren 's son shows up needing oren to take care of his daughter sarah . oren has no patience for children leah never had any of her own but -year-old sarah just might be the spark that allows these two lonely souls to turn their home into a little shangri -la.
a high school senior has to re -live losing his virginity over and over again until he gets it right with the right girl .
a married couple wake up to discover that the sex tape they made the evening before has gone missing leading to a frantic search for its whereabouts .
a molecular biologist and his laboratory partner uncover evidence that may fundamentally change society as we know it .
a tormented young woman is given a hiding place by an elderly lady and soon they are reminded of their mutual horrendous past .
an art instructor and an english teacher form a rivalry that ends up with a competition at their school in which students decide whether words or pictures are more important .
after stealing a mysterious orb in the far reaches of outer space peter quill from earth is now the main target of a manhunt led by the villain known as ronan the accuser . to help fight ronan and his team and save the galaxy from his power quill creates a team of space heroes known as the "guardians of the galaxy " to save the world .
barney (stallone) christmas (statham) and the rest of the team comes face -to-face with conrad stonebanks (gibson) who years ago co -founded the expendables with barney . stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who barney was forced to kill ... or so he thought . stonebanks who eluded death once before now is making it his mission to end the expendables -- but barney has other plans . barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood and brings in a new era of expendables team members recruiting individuals who are younger faster and more tech -savvy. the latest mission becomes a clash of classic old -school style versus high -tech expertise in the expendables ' most personal battle yet .
the son of the greek gods zeus and hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it .
when australian filmmaker sophia turkiewicz was seven years old her polish mother helen abandoned her in an adelaide orphanage . sophia never forgot this maternal act of betrayal . now in middle age as sophia examines her troubled relationship with helen she discovers the story behind helen 's miraculous wartime escape from a siberian gulag her subsequent survival against the odds and the truth about an historic betrayal involving stalin and the allies . with helen sliding into dementia sophia must confront her own demons . did she ever truly know this woman who became her mother ? does she have it in her heart to forgive her ? and is it too late ?
a chechen muslim illegally immigrates to hamburg where he gets caught in the international war on terror .
two men six meals in six different places on a road trip around italy . liguria tuscany rome amalfi and ending in capri .
three male detectives become embroiled in a tense struggle after a tragic accident that leaves a child in a coma . one is guilty of a crime one will try to cover it up and the other attempts to expose it . how far will these men go to both disguise and unravel the truth ?
on route to the stage singer james brown recalls a life with a turbulent childhood where music was his only constructive release for his passions . a chance demonstration of that in prison led to a new friend who helped get him out and into a musical career . with his fire and creative daring brown became a star who defiantly created new possibilities in show business both on and behind the stage in face of racism and conventional thinking . along the way james would also become a peacemaker who redefined and raised the african -american community 's feeling of self -worth when it was needed most . however those same domineering passions would lead james brown alienating everyone around him as his appetites became ever more self -destructive. only after he hit rock bottom with a serious mistake does brown realize what he needs to do make his life as the godfather of soul truly worthwhile .
based upon a real -life story that happened in the early seventies in which the chase manhattan bank in gravesend brooklyn was held siege by a gay bank robber determined to steal enough money for his male lover to undergo a sex change operation . on a hot summer afternoon the first savings bank of brooklyn is held up by sonny and sal two down -and-out characters . although the bank manager and female tellers agree not to interfere with the robbery sonny finds that there 's actually nothing much to steal as most of the cash has been picked up for the day . sonny then gets an unexpected phone call from police captain moretti who tells him the place is surrounded by the city 's entire police force . having few options under the circumstances sonny nervously bargains with moretti demanding safe escort to the airport and a plane out of the country in return for the bank employees ' safety .
stanley is a magician who has dedicated his life to revealing fraudulent spiritualists . he plans to quickly uncover the truth behind celebrated spiritualist sophie and her scheming mother . however the more time he spends with her he starts thinking that she might actually be able to communicate with the other world but even worse he might be falling in love with her .
kylie bucknell is forced to return to the house she grew up in when the court places her on home detention . her punishment is made all the more unbearable by the fact she has to live there with her mother miriam - a well -intentioned blabbermouth who 's convinced that the house is haunted . kylie dismisses miriam 's superstitions as nothing more than a distraction from a life occupied by boiled vegetables & small -town gossip . however when she too becomes privy to unsettling whispers & strange bumps in the night she begins to wonder whether she 's inherited her overactive imagination or if the house is in fact possessed by a hostile spirit who 's less than happy about the new living arrangement .
the kadam family leaves india for france where they open a restaurant directly across the road from madame mallory 's michelin -starred eatery .
jupiter jones was born under a night sky with signs predicting that she was destined for great things . now grown jupiter dreams of the stars but wakes up to the cold reality of a job cleaning other people 's houses and an endless run of bad breaks . only when caine wise a genetically engineered ex -military hunter arrives on earth to track her down does jupiter begin to glimpse the fate that has been waiting for her all along - her genetic signature marks her as next in line for an extraordinary inheritance that could alter the balance of the cosmos .
darkness has settled over new york city as shredder and his evil foot clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians . the future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as teenage mutant ninja turtles . the turtles must work with fearless reporter april o 'neil and her cameraman vern fenwick to save the city and unravel shredder 's diabolical plan .
giver is a series about kids working with their community to improve their playground spaces . the kid teams must decide on a theme ...
two best friends rise through the ranks of new york 's chinese underworld in the .
two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party and become neighborhood sensations . but when these newly -minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives they must put their fake badges on the line .
neil will and simon receive an invite from jay to join him in australia whilst on his gap year who promises them it 's ''the sex capital of the world ''. with their lives now rather dull compared to their hedonistic school days and legendary lads holiday it 's an offer they can 't refuse . once again they put growing up temporarily on -hold and embark on a backpacking holiday of a lifetime in an awful car inspired by peter andre 's 'mysterious girl '. will soon finds himself battling with the lads to do something cultural whilst they focus their attention on drinking girls and annoying fellow travelers .
leaving the city behind for a weekend of booze bud and bonding at the coast seven friends find themselves stranded en route to the gulf coast of texas when a big storm interferes with ...
four tales of crime adapted from frank miller 's popular comics focusing around a muscular brute who 's looking for the person responsible for the death of his beloved goldie a man fed up with sin city 's corrupt law enforcement who takes the law into his own hands after a horrible mistake a cop who risks his life to protect a girl from a deformed pedophile and a hitman looking to make a little cash .
a depressed and stressed film archivist finds his sanity crumbling after he is given an old film reel with footage from a horrific murder that occurred in the early 's.
paul miller a self -described "failed actor " sets out for his final act and his ultimate role : the last two days of his life ending with his suicide on tape . he tries to reunite with old ...
on the night of an astronomical anomaly eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of reality bending events .
miles of twisting catacombs lie beneath the streets of paris the eternal home to countless souls . when a team of explorers ventures into the uncharted maze of bones they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead . a journey into madness and terror as above so below reaches deep into the human psyche to reveal the personal demons that come back to haunt us all .
a troubled couple vacate to a beautiful getaway but bizarre circumstances further complicate their situation .
filmmaker jose luis guerin documents his experience during a year of traveling as a guest of film festivals to present his previous film . what emerges is a wonderfully humane and sincere portrayal of the people that he meets when he goes off the beaten track in some of the world 's major cities .
from to richard nixon secretly recorded his private conversations in the white house . this revealing film chronicles the content of those tapes which include nixon 's ...
u .k. gay activists work to help miners during their lengthy strike of the national union of mineworkers in the summer of .
young newlyweds paul and bea travel to remote lake country for their honeymoon . shortly after arriving paul finds bea wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night . as she becomes more distant and her behavior increasingly peculiar paul begins to suspect something more sinister than sleepwalking took place in the woods .
follows lonely bartender bob saginowski through a covert scheme of funneling cash to local gangsters - "money drops " - in the underworld of brooklyn bars . under the heavy hand of his employer and cousin marv bob finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood 's past where friends families and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost .
having both coincidentally cheated death on the same day estranged twins reunite with the possibility of mending their relationship .
unaware of the big lizard 's approach the little deer happily munches on grass . not until the end will we learn what shall result of their meeting .
a supernatural mystery in which a chinese couple provides customers with their specialty dim sum buns that brings the customers the possibility of rejuvenation but it might comes with an unexpected payoff ...
awakening in an elevator remembering nothing of his past thomas emerges into a world of about thirty teenage boys all without past memories who have learned to survive under their own set of rules in a completely enclosed environment subsisting on their own agriculture and supplies . with a new boy arriving every thirty days the group has been in "the glade " for three years trying to find a way to escape through the maze that surrounds their living space (patrolled by cyborg monsters named 'grievers'). they have begun to give up hope when a comatose girl arrives with a strange note and their world begins to change with the boys dividing into two factions : those willing to risk their lives to escape and those wanting to hang onto what they 've got and survive .
based on true facts the film revolves around brave soldiers who escape from the clutches of the pakistan army and risk death with honour and courage with sacrifice towards their journey home .
megan 's approaching with a good degree and a boyfriend in hand but when he proposes at her friend 's wedding and everyone seems to think that the best way to advance in her career is to take a seminar where you find out what animal you are megan 's understandably feeling lost . after meeting teenagers who want her to buy them beer megan is drawn into -year-old annika 's simpler life . she ends up moving in with annika and her single father juggling the life of a teen and that of an adult two romantic interests and the feeling of lagging behind .
a family vacationing in the french alps is confronted with a devastating avalanche .
in a teenage girl 's life is thrown into chaos when her mother disappears .
a new take on the manson family murders with a keen focus on charles manson himself .
a young orphaned boy raised by underground cave -dwelling trash collectors tries to save his friends from an evil exterminator .
when their father passes away four grown siblings are forced to return to their childhood home and live under the same roof together for a week along with their over -sharing mother and an assortment of spouses exes and might -have-beens.
an indonesian man with a communist background named ramli was brutally murdered when the "communist" purge occurred in . his remaining family members lived in fear and silence until the making of this documentary . adi a brother of his decided to revisit the horrific incident and visited the men who were responsible for the killings . these meetings uncovered sadistic details of the murders and exposed raw emotions and reactions of the killers ' family members about what happened in the past - much to adi 's disappointment .
chris kyle was nothing more than a texan man who dreamed of becoming a cowboy but in his thirties he found out that maybe his life needed something different something where he could express his real talent something that could help america in its fight against terrorism . so he joined the seals in order to become a sniper . after marrying kyle and the other members of the team are called for their first tour of iraq . kyle 's struggle isn 't with his missions but about his relationship with the reality of the war and once returned at home how he manages to handle it with his urban life his wife and kids .
when podcaster wallace travels to canada to interview someone he winds up meeting a strange man named howe who has many stories to tell about his past life during his interview . wallace wakes up the next day finding out howe isn 't the person he thought he was . howe has plans to surgically and mentally turn wallace into a walrus .
in the aftermath of his girlfriend 's mysterious death a young man awakens to find strange horns sprouting from his temples .
after an extremely regrettable one night stand two strangers wake up to find themselves snowed in after sleeping through a blizzard that put all of manhattan on ice . they 're now trapped together in a tiny apartment forced to get to know each other way more than any one night stand should .
as his kingdom is being threatened by the turks young prince vlad tepes must become a monster feared by his own people in order to obtain the power needed to protect his own family and the families of his kingdom .
a hard -luck limo driver struggles to go straight and pay off a debt to his bookie . he takes on a job with a crazed passenger whose sought -after ledger implicates some seriously dangerous criminals .
in this fact -based thriller a single mother struggling with drug addiction is randomly taken hostage in her own apartment by a man on the run from the law for breaking out of jail and murdering the judge assigned to his case - only to realize before the climactic finish that they have actually saved each other 's lives .
predestination chronicles the life of a temporal agent sent on an intricate series of time -travel journeys designed to ensure the continuation of his law enforcement career for all eternity . now on his final assignment the agent must pursue the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time .
follow the lives of viago (taika waititi ) deacon (jonathan brugh ) and vladislav (jemaine clement ) - three flatmates who are just trying to get by and overcome life 's obstacles -like being immortal vampires who must feast on human blood . hundreds of years old the vampires are finding that beyond sunlight catastrophes hitting the main artery and not being able to get a sense of their wardrobe without a reflection -modern society has them struggling with the mundane like paying rent keeping up with the chore wheel trying to get into nightclubs and overcoming flatmate conflicts .
when lassie 's master dies an old friend tries to convince a judge that the dog 's life should be spared .
a pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown .
john wick is a mob hit man who upon falling in love quits . years later his wife dies and to make sure he 's not alone she arranges for a dog to be brought to him after her death . later some men wanting his car break in and beat him up and kill his dog . when he recovers he sets to get the ones who killed his dog . he learns that the leader is the son of his former employer . and the man wanting to protect his son tries to take care of wick but he 's still as good as he was .
plastic is based on a true story where a gang of friends managed to infiltrate one of the biggest credit card companies in the world and pull off one of the biggest and most audacious diamond heists ever committed in british history . plastic is catch me if you can meets the italian job .
an ordinary office worker has a secret occupation ...for he is the judge of the dead and will see that people 's sins will not go unpunished .
after ben and george get married george is fired from his teaching post forcing them to stay with friends separately while they sell their place and look for cheaper housing -- a situation that weighs heavily on all involved .
in world war ii germany the tough sergeant don 'wardaddy' collier commands a tank and survives a german attack with his veteran crew composed of boyd 'bible' swan trini 'gordo' garcia and grady 'coon-ass' travis . he receives a rookie soldier norman ellison as the substitute for his deceased gunner and he tries to harden the youth along the way .
the centuries old battle between the powers of heaven and the forces of hell have collided in a final modern day showdown . the determining factor my lie in the heart of a little girl murdered at she has arisen to avenge those that have wronged her but will find that the truth is not always as it seems . will she risk damning her own soul to purgatory forever to do what 's right ?
a young boy whose parents have just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic bawdy hedonistic war veteran who lives next door .
kazamatsuri a modern well -developed city renowned for its burgeoning greenery and rich japanese culture is home to kotarou tennouji a high schooler least privy to the place 's shared ...
a girl is mysteriously killed after recording herself playing with an ancient ouija board which leads to a close group of friends to investigate this board . they later find out that some things aren 't meant to be played with especially the 'other side '.
nightcrawler is a thriller set in the nocturnal underbelly of contemporary los angeles . jake gyllenhaal stars as lou bloom a driven young man desperate for work who discovers the high -speed world of l .a. crime journalism . finding a group of freelance camera crews who film crashes fires murder and other mayhem lou muscles into the cut -throat dangerous realm of nightcrawling - where each police siren wail equals a possible windfall and victims are converted into dollars and cents . aided by rene russo as nina a veteran of the blood -sport that is local tv news lou blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story .
the special bond that develops between plus -sized inflatable robot baymax and prodigy hiro hamada who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high -tech heroes .
cheng li -sheung is a young upwardly mobile professional finally ready to invest in her first home . but when the deal falls through she is forced to keep her dream alive - even if it means keeping her would -be neighbors dead .
from producer guillermo del toro and director jorge gutierrez comes an animated comedy with a unique visual style . the book of life is the journey of manolo a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart . before choosing which path to follow he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears . rich with a fresh take on pop music favorites the book of life encourages us to celebrate the past while looking forward to the future .
three friends discover a time machine which takes pictures of the future . they begin to use it to win race bets and everything goes fine till one gets greedier than another . they begin to lose faith in each other giving a sense of backstabbing as uglier truths unfold in the photos and the situation soon gets out of control .
caleb a year old programmer at the world 's largest internet company wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to nathan the reclusive ceo of the company . but when caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world 's first true artificial intelligence housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl .
the satiric adventures of a working -class family in the misfit city of springfield .
a rag doll that awakens in a postapocalyptic future holds the key to humanity 's salvation .
marvel 's "doctor strange " follows the story of the talented neurosurgeon doctor stephen strange who after a tragic car accident must put ego aside and learn the secrets of a hidden world of mysticism and alternate dimensions . based in new york city 's greenwich village doctor strange must act as an intermediary between the real world and what lies beyond utilising a vast array of metaphysical abilities and artifacts to protect the marvel cinematic universe .
a district attorney investigates the racially charged case of three teenagers accused of the murder of a blind puerto rican boy . he begins to discover that the facts in the case aren 't exactly as they seem to be .
a middle -school math teacher olive and her marriage with henry which spans years .
based on true events foxcatcher tells the dark and fascinating story of the unlikely and ultimately tragic relationship between an eccentric multi -millionaire and two champion wrestlers . when olympic gold medal winning wrestler mark schultz (channing tatum ) is invited by wealthy heir john du pont (steve carell ) to move on to the du pont estate and help form a team to train for the seoul olympics at his new state -of-the-art training facility schultz jumps at the opportunity hoping to focus on his training and finally step out of the poverty striken situation olympic caliber athletes like he and his revered brother dave (mark ruffalo ). driven by hidden needs du pont sees backing schultz 's bid for gold and the chance to "coach" a world -class wrestling team as an opportunity to gain the elusive respect of his peers and more importantly his disapproving mother (vanessa redgrave ). trapped in du pont 's majestic but suffocating world mark comes to see his benefactor as an egotistical arrogant and selfish megalomaniac and grows increasingly contemptuous . though initially supportive du pont 's mercurial personality turns and he begins to lure mark into an unhealthy lifestyle that threatens to undermine his training . soon du pont 's erratic behavior and threatening psychological game -play begin to erode the athlete 's environment stability and motivation . meanwhile du pont becomes fixated on dave who exudes the confidence du pont lacks . du pont eventually realizes he is unable to buy the respect he so desperately desires from the world 's greatest wrestlers . fueled by du pont 's increasing paranoia and alienation from the brothers the trio is propelled towards a tragedy no one could have foreseen .
two lieutenants chard of engineers and bromhead find that their man contingent in natal has been isolated by the destruction of the main british army column and that zulu warriors will descend on them in hours . each has a different military background in tactics and they are immediatly in conflict on how to prepare for the attack . nearly a third of the men are in the infirmary as the welsh company tries to somehow survive with no help in sight . based on a true story .
a couple of days before christmas the oxford new graduate dr . edward newgate arrives at the stonehearst asylum to complete training for his specialty of asylum medicine . he is met by armed men who take him to dr . silas lamb who welcomes his help and takes him under his wing . edward is shocked to see the methods that dr lamb uses to run this asylum . he becomes infatuated with eliza graves one of the patients who is a lady of status and does not seem to belong . one night edward overhears a knocking from the bowels of the facility and is shocked to find that everything is not as it seems in this place and that his uneasy feelings may be justified . what will edward choose ?
sasha and paige 's co -dependent friendship is tested as paige gets serious with a guy for the first time .
a former race car driver turned driver 's training instructor (jane) is abducted by a mysterious thief (cusack) and forced to be the wheel -man for a crime that puts both in the sights of the cops and the mob and leads them all on a chase across australia 's gold coast .
after poor advice from a psychic leads to the death of his wife a man vows to disprove the existence of the paranormal by allowing himself to be possessed by demons .
with a promising police career and a baby on the way marc 's life seems to be right on track - then he meets fellow policeman kay . during their regular jogs marc experiences a never -before-felt sense of ease and effortlessness - and what it means to fall in love with another man . torn between his family and his new feelings for kay marc sees his world careening more and more out of control . suddenly his life is in free fall and marc realizes that try as he may he can 't make everyone happy - least of all himself .
based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst alan turing the film portrays the nail -biting race against time by turing and his brilliant team of code -breakers at britain 's top -secret government code and cypher school at bletchley park during the darkest days of world war ii .
during the psychedelic and larry "doc" sportello is surprised by his former girlfriend and her plot for her billionaire boyfriend his wife and her boyfriend . a plan for kidnapping gets shaken up by the oddball characters entangled in this groovy kidnapping romp based upon the novel by thomas pynchon .
katniss everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister 's place in the hunger games a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve districts of panem are chosen at random to fight to the death .
when eddie lands his first teaching gig at an inner city middle school he quickly finds that his highly pubescent pupils are receiving no form of sexual education . eddie isn 't exactly equipped to teach them - he 's not exactly experienced romantically . and he 's falling in love with the older sister of one of his students . but eddie goes off lesson plan anyway delving into the world of menstrual cycles and sexually transmitted infections and in doing so incurs the wrath of the local reverend .
leonardo is a blind teenager searching for independence . his everyday life the relationship with his best friend giovana and the way he sees the world change completely with the arrival of gabriel .
the state of israel is created in resulting in war with its arab neighbors .
the film is divided into six segments . "pasternak": while being on a plane a model and a music critic realise they have a common acquaintance called pasternak . soon they discover that every passenger and crew member on board know pasternak . is this coincidence ? "the rats ": a waitress recognizes her client - it 's the loan shark who caused a tragedy in her family . the cook suggests mixing rat poison with his food but the waitress refuses . the stubborn cook however decides to proceed with her plan . "the strongest ": two drivers on a lone highway have an argument with tragic consequences . "little bomb ": a demolition engineer has his car towed by a truck for parking in a wrong place and he has an argument with the employee of the towing company . this event destroys his private and professional life and he plots revenge against the corrupt towing company and the city hall . "the proposal ": a reckless son of a wealthy family has an overnight hit -and-run accident in which a pregnant woman gets killed . he wakes his parents up and his father calls the lawyer . the parents propose to pay the groundkeeper to take the blame for the boy . soon the father discovers that he is a victim of extortion of his lawyer and the detective in charge of the investigation . what will be his decision ? "until death do us apart ": during the wedding party the bride discovers that her newlywed husband has been cheating on her with one of the guests and she decides to pay him back .
broesel has to make a werner animation film but right now he has no real ideas for new stories . thus he simply draws some stories from werner 's youth .
it 's been years and harry dunn has found something out - he has a daughter ! lloyd christmas his equally dim -witted friend takes one look at a picture of her develops a crush and insists the two track her down . what ensues when harry finally agrees is a bizarre encounter with an old lady and more hilarity because of their sheer stupidity .
affluent and aimless conrad valmont lives a life of leisure in his parent 's prestigious manhattan hotel . in the span of one week he finds himself evicted disinherited and ... in love .
prim schoolteacher miss meadows (katie holmes ) is not entirely what she appears . well -mannered sweet and caring yes but underneath the candy -sweet exterior hides the soul of a vigilante taking it upon herself to right the wrongs in this cruel world by whatever means necessary . things get complicated however when miss meadows gets romantically entangled with the town sheriff (james badge dale ) and her steadfast moral compass is thrown off begging the question : "who is the real miss meadows and what is she hiding ?"
jane morton a psychiatrist from dublin in deep mourning following the accidental death of her husband and son is assigned to work on the case of dorothy mills a teenaged girl in a small village who tried to strangle a baby . after miraculously surviving a car accident jane discovers a village darkened by strange events and meets a very nervous dorothy who swears she never touched the baby . after analyzing the teenager jane makes a diagnosis of multiple personality disorder until the day that dorothy speaks with the voice of david jane 's dead son .
a social satire that follows the stories of four black students at an ivy league college where controversy breaks out over a popular but offensive black -face party thrown by white students . with tongue planted firmly in cheek the film explores racial identity in acutely -not-post-racial america while weaving a universal story of forging one 's unique path in the world .
a look at the relationship between the famous physicist stephen hawking and his wife .
the doctor from a race called the time lords whose home planet is gallifrey travels through time and space in his ship the tardis (an acronym for time and relative dimensions in space ) with numerous companions . from time to time he regenerates into a new form (which is how the show has been running since ).
in hollywood the big taters 'waitress sarah walker is an ambitious aspiring actress that suffers from hair pulling disorder . sarah does not respect her boss carl or her job since she believes she will be a great actress and this job is temporary only to pay her bills . she shares an apartment with her roommate tracy that frequently discloses her secrets to their selfish friends erin that likes to humiliate sarah and steal her roles ; danny who is an aspiring director that likes sarah ; poe and ashley that are indifferent to her . when sarah is invited to an audition of the film the silver screen from the company astraeus pictures their auditioners do not show any reaction to her performance . when sarah leaves the audition she goes to the toilet room and has an attack pulling her hair and crying . immediately after the casting director invites her to return to the room and repeat what she did in the bathroom for her assistant and she . sarah is invited again to an audition with the producer and when he insinuates to have sex with her she refuses and goes home . however her ambition prevails and she returns to his house and has oral sex with him . he tells that she wants to be famous she needs to die and reborn . when sarah returns home she finds that her body is deteriorating and she needs to murder her friends to complete her transformation . what will she do ?
saoirse is a child who is the last of the selkies women in irish and scottish legends who transform from seals into people . she escapes from her grandmother 's home to journey to the sea and free fairy creatures trapped in the modern world .
the pressures of fame have superstar singer noni on the edge until she meets kaz a young cop who works to help her find the courage to develop her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be .
a gawky englishman comes to los angeles to find the woman of his dreams .
years after the original jurassic park failed the new park (also known as jurassic world ) is open for business . after years of studying genetics the scientists on the park genetically engineer a new breed of dinosaur . when everything goes horribly wrong will our heroes make it off the island ?
a documentarian and a reporter travel to hong kong for the first of many meetings with edward snowden .
fed up with answering to higher -ups nick dale and kurt decide to become their own bosses by launching their own business . but a slick investor soon pulls the rug out from under them . outplayed and desperate and with no legal recourse the three would -be entrepreneurs hatch a misguided plan to kidnap the investor 's adult son and ransom him to regain control of their company .
super spy teams aren 't born ...they're hatched . discover the secrets of the greatest and most hilarious covert birds in the global espionage biz : skipper kowalski rico and private . these elitists of the elite are joining forces with a chic undercover organization the north wind . led by handsome and husky agent classified (we could tell you his name but then ...you know ). together they must stop the villainous dr . octavius brine from destroying the world as we know it .
an australian man travels to turkey after the battle of gallipoli to try and locate his three missing sons .
awakening in an elevator remembering nothing of his past thomas emerges into a world of about thirty teenage boys all without past memories who have learned to survive under their own set of rules in a completely enclosed environment subsisting on their own agriculture and supplies . with a new boy arriving every thirty days the group has been in "the glade " for three years trying to find a way to escape through the maze that surrounds their living space (patrolled by cyborg monsters named 'grievers'). they have begun to give up hope when a comatose girl arrives with a strange note and their world begins to change with the boys dividing into two factions : those willing to risk their lives to escape and those wanting to hang onto what they 've got and survive .
jerry (ryan reynolds ) is that chipper guy clocking the nine -to-five at a bathtub factory with the offbeat charm of anyone who could use a few friends . with the help of his court -appointed psychiatrist he pursues his office crush (gemma arterton ). however the relationship takes a sudden murderous turn after she stands him up for a date . guided by his evil talking cat and benevolent talking dog jerry must decide whether to keep striving for normalcy or indulge in a much more sinister path .
trailer park boys is about life between prison terms . always trying to play the angles always done -in by forces beyond their control and always in the middle of a gunfight ricky and julian are decent hard - working guys trying to cope with the new world economic order . it 's not that the boys don 't know right from wrong it 's just that "right" rarely presents itself .
when a devastating illness threatens to end evan lake 's career in the c .i.a. he goes rogue to hunt down a terrorist who tortured him during a mission gone awry years ago .
in a world where the undead are merely members of society a man finds the zombie that works for him weeping alone in the dark leading him to a new understanding of who and what they are and forcing him to confront a tragedy in his own life .
nick a young boston italian trying to find purpose in the ideology of the mafia and finding his world turned upside down .
damien thorn is dead but his prophecy is reborn in a mysterious girl named delia who is adopted by two attorneys gene & karen york . when karen realizes her baby was born under suspicious circumstances she hires a private investigator to find delia 's real parents . a series of bizarre accidents occur and karen begins to suspect everyone of conspiring against her as she unravels the truth about her baby .
based on the true story of journalist gary webb . the film takes place in the mid when webb uncovered the cia 's past role in importing huge amounts of cocaine into the u .s. that was aggressively sold in ghettos across the country to raise money for the nicaraguan contras rebel army . despite enormous pressure not to webb chose to pursue the story and went public with his evidence publishing the series "dark alliance ". as a result he experienced a vicious smear campaign fueled by the cia . at that point webb found himself defending his integrity his family and his life .
a homebody hobbit in middle earth gets talked into joining a quest with a group of dwarves to recover their treasure from a dragon .
a chronicle of martin luther king 's campaign to secure equal voting rights via an epic march from selma to montgomery alabama in .
the life of louis zamperini an olympic athlete who joined the armed forces during the second world war . only to be captured by the japanese navy after a plane crash in the pacific . during his capture louie must continue his fight by surviving through the war .
a screenwriter working on a script for a romantic movie is having a hard time because he is a little jaded when it comes to love since his mother abandoned him when he was a boy . so he spends his time ruining every relationship he has . but he really needs to make the script so he turns to his friends for their experiences . but it 's not enough . he then meets a girl who captures his heart . problem is that she 's already engaged . but she allows him to be her friend .
in the iranian ghost -town bad city a place that reeks of death and loneliness the townspeople are unaware they are being stalked by a lonesome vampire .
photo -animated feature documentary uniquely narrated by the people who knew bill best .
a crime drama set in new york city during the winter of statistically one of the most violent years in the city 's history and centered on the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence decay and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built .
a chronicle of one woman 's -mile solo hike undertaken as a way to recover from a recent personal tragedy .
a comedian tries to make it as a serious actor when his reality -tv star fiance talks him into broadcasting their wedding on her tv show .
a drama about the awakening of painter margaret keane her phenomenal success in the and the subsequent legal difficulties she had with her husband who claimed credit for her works in the .
into the woods is a modern twist on the beloved brothers grimm fairy tales in a musical format that follows the classic tales of cinderella little red riding hood jack and the beanstalk and rapunzel -all tied together by an original story involving a baker and his wife their wish to begin a family and their interaction with the witch who has put a curse on them .
in rural texas welder and hunter llewelyn moss (josh brolin ) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong . rather than report the discovery to the police moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself . this puts the psychopathic killer anton chigurh (javier bardem ) on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money . as moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as chigurh closes in . meanwhile the laconic sherrif ed tom bell (tommy lee jones ) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart .
in the action -comedy the interview dave skylark (james franco ) and his producer aaron rapoport (seth rogen ) run the popular celebrity tabloid tv show "skylark tonight ." when they discover that north korean dictator kim jong -un is a fan of the show they land an interview with him in an attempt to legitimize themselves as journalists . as dave and aaron prepare to travel to pyongyang their plans change when the cia recruits them perhaps the two least -qualified men imaginable to assassinate kim jong -un.
a spy organization recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency 's ultra -competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius .
in new york unemployed and divorced larry daley is a complete loser . his son nick is very disappointed with his father who is going to be evicted . larry accepts the job of night watchman in the museum of natural history and takes the place of three old security guards that have just retired in order to raise some money and pay his bills . on his first shift larry soon realizes that everything at the museum is not as it seems as the statues begin to come to life after the sun sets . the museum transforms into complete chaos with the inexperienced larry in charge as he learns that an old egyptian stone that came to the museum in brings these statues to life until dawn . when larry brings his son to spend a night with him the three old guards break into the museum to try to steal the magical stone . larry organizes all the historic characters to help him stop the criminals and save the museum .
when mother malkin the queen of evil witches escapes the pit she was imprisoned in by professional monster hunter spook decades ago and kills his apprentice he recruits young tom the seventh son of the seventh son to help him .
set in a parallel universe comet bounces back and forth over the course of an unlikely but perfectly paired couple 's six -year relationship .
in johannesburg the police department reduced the high rating of criminality using robots from the tetravaal company designed by the engineer deon wilson . the former military vincent moore is envious of deon since he has developed another project called moose but neither tetravaal nor the police department is interested . deon has just developed an artificial intelligence but the tetravaal 's ceo michelle bradley asks him to abort the project . deon decides to bring the damaged robot that was sent to be crushed to test his a .i. however he is kidnapped by the criminals ninja yo -landi and amerika that want him to stop the robot cops . when they see the damaged robot in the van they force deon to program it to heist banks with them and they call it chappie . however chappie acts like a child and need to be trained to learn and grow . meanwhile vincent follows deon and plots an evil scheme to activate his robot .
liam neeson returns as ex -covert operative bryan mills whose long awaited reconciliation with his ex -wife is tragically cut short when she is brutally murdered . consumed with rage and framed for the crime he goes on the run to evade the relentless pursuit of the cia fbi and the police . for one last time mills must use his "particular set of skills " to track down the real killers exact his unique brand of justice and protect the only thing that matters to him now - his daughter .
nick hathaway an extremely talented hacker who has gone astray finds his way out of a year prison sentence when parts of a computer code he once wrote during his youth appears in a malware that triggered a terrorist attack in a nuclear power plant in china . this opportunity will reunite him with an old friend but will also put him in the middle of a power game between the american and chinese government as well as an arch villain hacker whose identity he has to find if he wants to keep his freedom and his life .
locked up for a minor crime year old jr quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life . protection if you can get it is paramount . jr soon finds himself under the watchful eye of australia 's most notorious criminal brendan lynch . but protection comes at a price . lynch and his crew have plans for their young protegee . upon release jr must help secure lynch 's freedom staging a daring prison break . as a reward he 's invited to join the crew as they plan a gold heist that promises to deliver millions . however as things start to go wrong a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues . jr finds himself unsure of whom he can trust and on a collision course with his former mentor .
when john connor (jason clarke ) leader of the human resistance sends sgt . kyle reese (jai courtney ) back to to protect sarah connor (emilia clarke ) and safeguard the future an unexpected turn of events creates a fractured time -line. now sgt . reese finds himself in a new and unfamiliar version of the past where he is faced with unlikely allies including the guardian (arnold schwarzenegger ) dangerous new enemies and an unexpected new mission : to reset the future ...
the famous academy award winning actor 's life is re enacted from growing up to his academy award winning performance in good will hunting to his tragic death and how his friends and family reacted the news around the world .
parents struggle to raise their teens .
a reporter investigates a series of murders dubbed the spring break massacre which leads to further mayhem .
near the small desert town of santa ynez a mysterious black car runs down two teenage bicyclers en route to camp then it hit -and-runs a hitchhiker with local amos clements as witness . sheriff everett puts his men on alert and plants road blocks in the area to arrest the murderer but soon he himself falls victim to the car . sheriff wade parent leads the hunt for the vehicle that threatens their town and seems impossible to locate . when his beloved girlfriend teacher lauren humphries challenges the driver in a cemetery the car hunts her in her home . wade realizes he might be dealing with supernatural powers .
the story of the soviet union 's famed red army hockey team through the eyes of its players .
for nineteen -year-old jay autumn should be about school boys and week -ends out at the lake . but after a seemingly innocent sexual encounter she finds herself plagued by strange visions and the inescapable sense that someone something is following her . faced with this burden jay and her friends must find a way to escape the horrors that seem to be only a few steps behind .
an adaptation of f . scott fitzgerald 's long island -set novel where midwesterner nick carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor jay gatsby . soon enough however carraway will see through the cracks of gatsby 's nouveau riche existence where obsession madness and tragedy await .
hannah and amber baker are trapped in a dark southern underworld of violence drugs and bikers . both live in fear of their "uncle frank " stinson the ruthless leader of a crime organization .
taking place in a dystopian australia in the near future mad max tells the story of a highway patrolman cruising the squalid back roads that have become the breeding ground of criminals foraging for gasoline and scraps . when his wife and child meet a grisly end at the hands of a motorcycle gang max sets out across the barren wastelands in search of revenge .
in this game you assume the role of luke skywalker and fight past many enemies to to reach and destroy the death star .
judah ben -hur lives as a rich jewish prince and merchant in jerusalem at the beginning of the century . together with the new governor his old friend messala arrives as commanding officer of the roman legions . at first they are happy to meet after a long time but their different politic views separate them . during the welcome parade a roof tile falls down from judah 's house and injures the governor . although messala knows they are not guilty he sends judah to the galleys and throws his mother and sister into prison . but judah swears to come back and take revenge .
long ago the orcish horde fell to the alliance of lorderon after a series of climactic battles . with most of the horde locked away in internment camps peace has at last prevailed . in the hut of the orcish leader thrall a mysterious prophet tells thrall that the only hope for his people lies on the island of kalimdor . both the prophet and thrall know why : the demons are returning .
armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength con -man scott lang must embrace his inner -hero and help his mentor dr . hank pym protect the secret behind his spectacular ant -man suit from a new generation of towering threats . against seemingly insurmountable obstacles pym and lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world .
reed richards a brilliant but timid and bankrupt scientist is convinced that evolution can be triggered by clouds of cosmic energy and has calculated that earth is going to pass one of these clouds soon . together with his friend and partner the gruff yet gentle astronaut muscle -man ben grimm reed convinces his conceited mit classmate dr . victor von doom now ceo of his own enterprise to allow him access to his privately -owned space station . von doom agrees in exchange for control over the experiment and a majority of the profits from whatever benefits it brings . he thus brings aboard susan storm his shy though assertive chief genetics researcher and a former lover of reed 's with whom she had an acrimonious break -up and her diametrically opposed brother johnny the maverick and hot -headed playboy pilot . the astronauts make it home intact ; however before long they begin to mutate developing strange and amazing powers as a result of their exposure to the cloud ! reed is able to stretch like rubber ; sue can turn invisible and create force fields especially when angered ; johnny can produce fire at supernova temperatures and is able to fly ; and ben is transformed into "the thing " a large rock -like creature with super strength . after ben brooding about his situation on the brooklyn bridge inadvertently causes a major traffic pile -up whilst attempting to stop a man about to commit suicide the four manage to use their powers to prevent any loss of life and to rescue a fire truck and its crew from falling off the bridge in a resulting explosion . the media dubs the team the 'fantastic four ' and whilst johnny eagerly embraces his powers and new life ben - the most heavily disfigured - particularly suffers from his transformation ; his disfigurement has caused his fiance to abandon him and has seen him shunned and feared by much of new york . blaming himself reed vows to return ben to his human form and he sue and ben work on a cure constructing a healing chamber in reed 's high tech baxter building loft -turned-laboratory. during this time reed and susan begin to grow close once again and susan admits that she is not interested in victor but ended their relationship because reed feared to commit thinking only in terms of variables . unknown to the others however victor 's body is also mutating ; he is turning into organic metal capable of absorbing and manipulating electrical energy known as doctor doom . as a result of the disastrous expedition his company is going bankrupt and he is losing public stature ; blaming reed for his misfortunes victor swears revenge . and reed ben susan and johnny must defeat victor von doom and foil his evil plans once and for all .
this is the origin story of former special forces operative turned mercenary wade wilson who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers adopts the alter ego deadpool . armed with his new abilities and a dark twisted sense of humor deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life .
during world war ii a brave patriotic american soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier "captain america ." racing to germany to sabotage the rockets of nazi baddie "red skull " captain america winds up frozen until the . he reawakens to find that the red skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the president of the united states .
in a world where both mutants and humans fear each other marie better known as rogue runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant known as logan a .k.a. wolverine . charles xavier who owns a school for young mutants sends storm and cyclops to bring them back before it is too late . magneto who believes a war is approaching has an evil plan in mind and needs young rogue to help him .
when the retired seventy -seven years old hypochondriac widower fred moves to an apartment in madrid his temperamental daughter cuca has an incident with his next door neighbor the elder argentinean elsa . later they meet each other and elsa seduces fred with her reckless behavior and view of life and they have a romance .
elmer tuttle a plumber in paris is enlisted by beautiful patricia alden to help her make her lover tony lagorce jealous . tony however is two -timing patricia with nina estrados . elmer with the help of his friend julius hopes to use the high -society contacts he 's made with patricia to find a market for his new invention a pistol with a range -finding light . but elmer 's attempts to interest a military leader are mistaken for assassination attempts and with tony and half the male uppercrust of france challenging elmer to duels he is in hot water not even his plumbing skills can drain away .
when jo morris ' marriage turned sour and heartless she found sympathy and companionship with widower larry ellis . after jo 's husband is accidentally killed in a struggle over a gun with larry the adulterous couple find themselves on trial for their lives with their lawyers fighting the pair 's reluctance to turn against each other .
claire becomes fascinated by the suicide of a woman in her chronic pain support group while grappling with her own very raw personal tragedy .
lit professor and gambler jim bennett 's debt causes him to borrow money from his mother and a loan shark . further complicating his situation is his relationship with one of his students . will bennett risk his life for a second chance ?
when anastasia steele a literature student goes to interview the wealthy christian grey as a favor to her roommate kate kavanagh she encounters a beautiful brilliant and intimidating man . the innocent and naive ana starts to realize she wants him . despite his enigmatic reserve and advice she finds herself desperate to get close to him . not able to resist ana 's beauty and independent spirit christian grey admits he wants her too but on his own terms . ana hesitates as she discovers the singular tastes of christian grey - despite the embellishments of success his multinational businesses his vast wealth and his loving family grey is consumed by the need to control everything .
seung -woo through his friend jae -hyun becomes a "host" or a male gigolo who serves women customers to make ends meet . seung -woo's family had been financially successful but suffered bankruptcy and plunged into poverty . most of his clients are themselves workers in the hostess or prostitution trade . jae -hyun is a manager at the host bar seung -woo works at . jae -hyun is a chronic con artist who lies and cheats women including his live -in girlfriend who is seung -woo's sister to get money . trouble brews when seung -woo starts dating one of his customers a massage parlor girl named ji -won and jae -hyun's scams finally start to catch up with him .
james owes his life to his older brother frankie after taking the rap for a crime they committed together . while frankie served time james worked to turn his life around got a steady job and began courting his former girlfriend emily . now frankie is released and back on the streets with no money and no place to go .
the pacific follows the lives of a u .s marine corps squad during the campaign within the pacific against the japanese empire during . made by the creators of band of brothers it follows a similar line of thought to outline the hardships of the common man during war . the pacific is in parts a fast paced war series that can be enjoyed by action lovers whilst containing a more sensitive side when projecting the relationships (brotherhood) of marines on the battlefield . where the pacific takes a new direction from its "older brother " is in its depiction of the lives of soldiers who were picked to return home to increase the sales of war bonds in doing this it also depicts the life cycle of returned soldiers from initial joy to the eventual feeling of regret and to a certain extent shame felt by soldiers wanting to return to the war in service of either their comrades or nation .
bianca is a content high school senior whose world is shattered when she learns the student body knows her as 'the duff ' (designated ugly fat friend ) to her prettier more popular friends . now despite the words of caution from her favorite teacher she puts aside the potential distraction of her crush toby and enlists wesley a slick but charming jock to help reinvent herself . to save her senior year from turning into a total disaster bianca must find the confidence to overthrow the school 's ruthless label maker madison and remind everyone that no matter what people look or act like we are all someone 's duff .
the movie consists of short movies each about shurik - a nerdy student .. . "naparnik" ("partner"). shurik has a fight in a bus with a bully named fedya because fedya didn 't want to allow a pregnant woman to take his place . fedya is punished by community work at a construction site where shurik also works part -time. of course fedya wants revenge ... . "navazhdenie" ("strange impression "). it 's final exam time . shurik (like other students ) is very busy trying to find material to study . suddenly he notices necessary material in someone 's hands . shurik follows this person all over the city reading over the shoulder not even noticing who this person is and where they are going . next day after having met a beautiful girl shurik constantly has an impression that he 's already seen her visited her apartment etc ... . "operatsiya y " ("operation y "). a depository director trying to cover up embezzlement on his depository hires crooks to simulate robbery . the plan is to get there at night overpower an old lady guard and break a few things to make an impression of a big crime . the problem is that the very night the operation "y" was planned for the old lady -guard asked the tenant of her apartment (that of course happened to be shurik ) to guard the depository for her .
as a group of friends discover plans for a time machine they build it and use it to fix their problems and for personal gain . but as the future falls apart with disasters and each of them disappear little by little they must travel back to the past to make sure they never invent the machine or face the destruction of humanity .
louis c .k.'s second one -hour special filmed at the berklee performance center in boston ma .
an irish immigrant lands in brooklyn where she quickly falls into a romance with a local . when her past catches up with her however she must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within .
the story of the five -day interview between rolling stone reporter david lipsky and acclaimed novelist david foster wallace which took place right after the publication of wallace 's groundbreaking epic novel 'infinite jest .'
in this vibrant funny and heartfelt film a widow and former songstress discovers that life can begin anew at any age . with the support of three loyal girlfriends (june squibb rhea perlman and mary kay place ) carol (blythe danner ) decides to embrace the world embarking on an unlikely friendship with her pool maintenance man (martin starr ) pursuing a new love interest (sam elliott ) and reconnecting with her daughter (malin akerman ).
when disgraced new york times reporter michael finkel meets accused killer christian longo - who has taken on finkel 's identity - his investigation morphs into a game of cat -and-mouse.
featuring rare and never before seen footage this is the mind boggling story of the national lampoon from its subversive and electrifying beginnings to rebirth as an unlikely hollywood heavyweight and beyond . a humour empire like no other the impact of the magazines irreverent often shocking sensibility was nothing short of seismic : this is an institution whose (drunk stoned brilliant ) alumni left their fingerprints all over popular culture . both insanely great and breathtakingly innovative the national lampoon created the foundation of modern comic sensibility by setting the bar in comedy impossibly high .
a devastating two hour documentary based on lawrence wright 's book of the same name . scientology is laid bare by a film that skilfully knits together archive footage testimonials from former high ranking officials and public and dramatic reconstructions .
an intimate mixed media documentary that follows tig notaro a los angeles based comedian who just days after being diagnosed with invasive stage ii breast cancer changed the course of her career with a poignant stand -up set that became legendary overnight . this documentary explores tig 's extraordinary journey as her career ignites and as her life unfolds in grand and unexpected ways all the while continuing to battle a life -threatening illness and falling in love . this film is a hybrid of comedy and drama that captures a personal journey about facing crisis head on with honesty and grace and overcoming pain and suffering with the healing power of comedy . it 's a story about moving forward during a period of your life when you don 't know what is going to happen . when you are willing to risk it all for what you believe is the right thing to do and for what you want to happen in this life .
on stage nina simone was known for her utterly free uninhibited musical expression which enthralled audiences and attracted life -long fans . but amid the violent haunting and senseless day -to-day of the civil rights era in america simone struggled to reconcile her artistic identity and ambition with her devotion to a movement . culled from hours of autobiographical tapes this new film unveils the unmitigated ego of a brilliant artist and the absurdities of her time . at the height of her fame simone walked away from her family country career and fans to move to liberia and give up performing . the story of her life leading up to that event poses the question 'how does royalty stomp around in the mud and still walk with grace ?'
around the world everyone knows that honest hard work gets you nowhere . in sunny orlando florida construction worker dennis nash learns this the hard way when he is evicted from his home by a charismatic gun -toting real -estate broker rick carver . humiliated and homeless nash has no choice but to move his mom and nine -year old son into a shabby dangerous motel . all is lost . until an unexpected opportunity arises for nash to strike a deal with the devil - he begins working for carver in a desperate attempt to get his home back . carver seduces nash into a risky world of scamming and stealing from the banks and the government ; he teaches nash how the rich get richer . living a double life nash hides his new boss and job from his family . he rises fast and makes real money ; he dreams bigger . but there is a cost . on carver 's orders nash must evict honest families from their homes - just as it happened to him . nash 's conscience starts tearing him apart ... but his son needs a home . in a dramatic high stakes climax with a home deal on the line nash will have to choose between destroying an honest man for the ultimate win or risking it all by going against carver and finding redemption .
all his life dan landsman (jack black ) has never been the cool guy . that 's about to change - if he can convince oliver lawless (marsden) the most popular guy from his high school who 's now the face of a national banana boat ad campaign to show up with him to their class reunion . a man on a mission dan travels from pittsburgh to la and spins a web of lies to recruit lawless . but he gets more than he bargains for as the unpredictable lawless proceeds to take over his home career and entire life . showcasing jack black and james marsden 's most outrageous performances to date the d train serves up the question : how far would you go to be popular ? co -starring kathryn hahn and jeffrey tambor .
a coming of age comedy /drama for the post hip hop generation . malcolm is a geek carefully surviving life in the bottoms a tough neighborhood in inglewood ca filled with gangsters and drug dealers while juggling his senior year of college applications interviews and the sat . his dream is to attend harvard . a chance invitation to a big underground party leads malcolm and his friends into an "only in los angeles " gritty adventure filled with offbeat characters and bad choices . if malcolm can persevere he 'll go from being a geek to being dope to ultimately being himself .
seventeen -year-old greg has managed to become part of every social group at his pittsburgh high school without having any friends but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend rachel a girl he once knew in hebrew school who has leukemia .
alex emily and their son rj are new to los angeles . a chance meeting at the park introduces them to the mysterious kurt charlotte and max . a family "playdate" becomes increasingly interesting as the night goes on .
when seasoned comedian george simmons learns of his terminal inoperable health condition his desire to form a genuine friendship causes him to take a relatively green performer under his wing as his opening act .
twenty -four male students out of seventy -five were selected to take on randomly assigned roles of prisoners and guards in a mock prison situated in the basement of the stanford psychology building .
the architect vincent stevens ; the psychiatrist chris vanowen ; the real estate agents luke seacord and marty landry ; and chris ' half -brother philip trauner are married and best friends . vincent proposes his friends to share a wonderful penthouse loft in a brand new building designed by him to become their rendezvous instead of using their credit cards for love affairs and one night stands in hotels . when they discover the body of a beautiful woman cuffed on the bed in the loft they have argument to find who is the responsible and secrets are disclosed affecting their friendship .
reuniting the actors from his hit film long term relationship director rob williams back soon is a tender sexy drama that explores the depths of love loss identity and hope . still ...
dancing great bill 'williamson' sees his face on the cover of theatre world magazine and reminisces : just back from world war i he meets lovely singer selina rogers at a soldiers ' ball and promises to come back to her when he "gets to be somebody ." years go by and bill and selina 's rising careers intersect only briefly since selina is unwilling to "settle down ." will she ever change her mind ? concludes with a big all -star show hosted by cab calloway .
some time after the civil war a stagecoach hurtles through the wintry wyoming landscape . bounty hunter john ruth and his fugitive captive daisy domergue race towards the town of red rock where ruth will bring daisy to justice . along the road they encounter major marquis warren (an infamous bounty hunter ) and chris mannix (a man who claims to be red rock 's new sheriff ). lost in a blizzard the bunch seeks refuge at minnie 's haberdashery . when they arrive they are greeted by unfamiliar faces : bob who claims to be taking care of the place while minnie is gone ; oswaldo mobray the hangman of red rock ; joe gage a cow puncher ; and confederate general sanford smithers . as the storm overtakes the mountainside the eight travelers come to learn that they might not make it to red rock after all ...
after an all night adventure quentin 's life -long crush margo disappears leaving behind clues that quentin and his friends follow on the journey of a lifetime .
doug harris (josh gad ) is a lovable but socially awkward groom -to-be with a problem : he has no best man . with less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams (kaley cuoco -sweeting) doug is referred to jimmy callahan (kevin hart ) owner and ceo of best man inc . a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need . what ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con and an unexpected budding bromance between doug and his fake best man jimmy .
when a handsome charming teenager named noah (ryan guzman ) moves in next door newly separated high -school teacher claire peterson (jennifer lopez ) encourages his friendship and engages in a little bit of harmless (or so she thinks ) flirtation . although noah spends much of the time hanging out with claire 's son the teen 's attraction to her is palpable . one night claire gives in to temptation and lets noah seduce her but when she tries to end the relationship he turns violent .
a married couple preparing to celebrate their wedding anniversary receives shattering news that promises to forever change the course of their lives .
in east germany three boys are in love with techno music and start their own club .
a young spanish woman who has newly moved to berlin finds her flirtation with a local guy turn potentially deadly as their night out with his friends reveals a dangerous secret .
stand -up comic robin williams performs his act in san francisco 's great american music hall . although he does do some of his more well known routines much of the footage is devoted to williams ' frenetic completely off the wall improvisation .
college boy "doc" is obsessed with a well -known nyc go -go dancer nicknamed "go." he befriends his hunky crush under the ruse of shooting a movie about what it 's like to live in his skin . camera in hand he follows his subject across the city - into bars onto rooftops over dance floors and ultimately into his bedroom - but as they grow closer flirtation blurs the line between subject and filmmaker until a steamy night together solidifies deeper feelings . cory kruekeberg 's explicit directorial debut explores the thrill and danger of getting exactly what you wish for .
a ragout of real memories and mockumentary as fellini explores a childhood obsession : circus clowns .
undercover cop lucas white joins vin serento 's la gang of illegal street racers . they are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross la crime kingpin juan carlos de la sol who hides his cash in a downtown taco bell . the gang 's outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole damn restaurant at crazy speeds .
luciano is a charming fishmonger whose unexpected and sudden obsession with being a contestant on a reality show leads him down a rabbit hole of skewed perceptions and paranoia .
in the midst of veteran con man nicky 's latest scheme a woman from his past - now an accomplished femme fatale - shows up and throws his plans for a loop .
while driving aimlessly after a quarrel with his girlfriend a writer accidentally runs over and kills a child . the accident and its aftermath deeply traumatizes him . over the next years he struggles to make sense of what happened and continue on with life but when he looks in the mirror he sees a murderer .
the second best exotic marigold hotel is the expansionist dream of sonny (dev patel ) and it 's making more claims on his time than he has available considering his imminent marriage to the love of his life sunaina (tina desai ). sonny has his eye on a promising property now that his first venture the best exotic marigold hotel for the elderly and beautiful has only a single remaining vacancy - posing a rooming predicament for fresh arrivals guy (richard gere ) and lavinia (tamsin greig ). evelyn and douglas (judi dench and bill nighy ) have now joined the jaipur workforce and are wondering where their regular dates for chilla pancakes will lead while norman and carol (ronald pickup and diana hardcastle ) are negotiating the tricky waters of an exclusive relationship as madge (celia imrie ) juggles two eligible and very wealthy suitors . perhaps the only one who may know the answers is newly installed co -manager of the hotel muriel (maggie smith ) the keeper of everyone 's secrets . as the demands of a traditional indian wedding threaten to engulf them all an unexpected way forward presents itself .
it 's bad for ya carlin 's emmy -nominated and final hbo special from march of features carlin 's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death religion bureaucracy patriotism overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the american culture . carlin once again comes up with an hour of brand new material that not only makes you laugh but makes you think . george carlin will always remain part of the popular lexicon for his 'seven dirty words ' routine and as a comedian who was never afraid to challenge his audience .
an -year-old boy tracks down his father .
wanted by the chinese mafia a young new york city bike messenger down on his luck who just wants to do good escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger and her group of parkour trainers that get him involved in a criminal delivery service for extra money .
a struggling coach and teacher who has had to move around for different incidents in his career finally comes to one of the poorest cities in america : mcfarland california . there he discovers buried potential in several high school boys and slowly turns them into championship runners and brings them closer than even he could ever imagine .
a hard -working small business owner (vince vaughn ) and his two associates (tom wilkinson dave franco ) travel to europe to close the most important deal of their lives . but what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit .
professional brooklyn hitman jimmy conlon is more commonly known as the gravedigger . jimmy was a mob hit -man who was best friends with his boss sean maguire . but when jimmy 's son michael is marked for death by the mob jimmy must go up against sean to protect michael at all costs . together he and michael must avoid corrupt cops contract killers and the mob to survive the night .
a girl named ella (cinderella) has the purest heart living in a cruel world filled with evil stepsisters and an evil stepmother out to ruin ella 's life . ella comes one with her pure heart when she meets the prince and dances her way to a better life with glass shoes and a little help from her fairy godmother of course .
the inside story of the planning execution rousing aftermath and ultimate downfall of the kidnappers of beer tycoon alfred "freddy" heineken which resulted in the largest ransom ever paid for an individual .
a cobbler bored of his every -day life stumbles upon a magical heirloom that allows him to become other people and see the world in a different way .
the count has stolen enough gold to cause a financial crisis in the world markets so i .c.e. sends in ace spy matt helm to stop him . as matt works alone the british send in freya to aid ...
a family 's home is haunted by a host of ghosts .
-year-old orphan peter is spirited away to the magical world of neverland where he finds both fun and danger and ultimately discovers his destiny -- to become the hero who will be forever known as peter pan .
josh srebnick is . he is married to cornelia the daughter of leslie breitbart a respected documentary filmmaker . the couple lives comfortably in new york village and gives the image of happiness .but things are not so rosy as they look : on a personal level their relationships have been cooling down while they suffer from not having children . on a professional plane things have deteriorated as well . josh who is also a documentarian like his father -in-law has lost inspiration : he has been grappling with his last movie for eight years now without being able to complete it . to be true josh goes nowhere and his marriage is on the rocks . things start changing when josh and cornelia meet another married pair : jamie and darby a generation younger express their admiration for josh (jamie wishing to become a documentary filmmaker himself ). plus they are much cooler smarter and more uninhibited than the two forty -odds. could they help josh and cornelia to revive their couple ? could they give josh an extra boost of energy to make a fresh start in his art ?
one choice can transform you -or it can destroy you . but every choice has consequences and as unrest surges in the factions all around her tris prior must continue trying to save those she loves --and herself --while grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness identity and loyalty politics and love . tris 's initiation day should have been marked by celebration and victory with her chosen faction ; instead the day ended with unspeakable horrors . war now looms as conflict between the factions and their ideologies grows . and in times of war sides must be chosen secrets will emerge and choices will become even more irrevocable --and even more powerful . transformed by her own decisions but also by haunting grief and guilt radical new discoveries and shifting relationships . tris must fully embrace her divergence even if she does not know what she may lose by doing so .
when oh a loveable misfit from another planet lands on earth and finds himself on the run from his own people he forms an unlikely friendship with an adventurous girl named tip who is on a quest of her own . through a series of comic adventures with tip oh comes to understand that being different and making mistakes is all part of being human . and while he changes her planet and she changes his world they discover the true meaning of the word home .
robbie the master 's baby has been mysteriously beamed to mars . it 's up to our heroes plus a houseful of new friends - a fan microwave calculator bag of cheddar -flavored popcorn and "the contraption in the junk drawer "- to reach for the stars and bring him safely home .
alton meyer is a boy unlike any other in the world with bizarrely powerful abilities and strange weaknesses . in the middle of the night his father roy spirits him away from the isolated cult that practically worships him and is determined to regain him at all costs . at the same time alton 's abilities have been noticed by the us government as well and they are equally insistent on getting to the bottom of this mystery with paul sevier of the national security agency leading the federal pursuit with his own questions . these rival hunts force father and son into a desperate run towards a looming date with destiny that could change everything .
one couple 's story as they try to reclaim the life and love they once knew and pick up the pieces of a past that may be too far gone .
a sexually awakening gay teen athlete finds himself in a budding relationship with his mutually attracted relay race teammate .
dominic and his crew thought they 'd left the criminal mercenary life behind . they 'd defeated international terrorist owen shaw and went their separate ways . but now shaw 's brother deckard shaw is out killing the crew one by one for revenge . worse a somalian terrorist called jakarde and a shady government official called "mr. nobody " are both competing to steal a computer terrorism program called "god's eye " that can turn any technological device into a weapon . torretto must reconvene with his team to stop shaw and retrieve the god 's eye program while caught in a power struggle between the terrorist and the united states government .
an urban couple go camping in the woods and find themselves lost in the territory of a predatory black bear .
after narrowly escaping an ancient burial ground long forgotten and buried underneath the marshes of cape cod a group of friends emerge from the thick marshy darkness tattered and bloody lucky to be alive . they have already lost two of their friends in the marsh presumably dead . they stumble upon an empty cape cod vacation house alongside the foggy marsh and break in to take shelter . whatever was in the marsh is still after them and soon after one of them goes for help the rest of the group learns that the evil in the marsh is not the only thing that wants them dead . something worse something more savage was lying in wait just outside the marsh in the house . what happens next is unspeakable horror that cannot be unseen . these unlucky travelers spend their st . patrick 's day trapped between two evils forcing them to fight die or go back the way they came .
justin lo makes his feature film debut as charlie conrad a -year-old history buff with the world on his shoulders . following the death of his mother charlie sets aside his college plans to raise his highly imaginative -year-old brother ben (booboo stewart ). isolated from his peers charlie accepts his responsibility yet secretly yearns for the freedom and romance associated with youth . charlie suddenly gets his chance when he meets jordan rivers (nick bartzen ) a charismatic drifter and fellow lost soul . the two of them hit it off immediately and they soon embark on a tumultuous romance that gives charlie a taste of the freedom he 's been craving . just as their relationship intensifies however charlie 's long -absent father doug (barry shay ) returns to town with his own plans to take care of ben . caught in a struggle for ben and eager to hold on to jordan charlie must finally search his soul and make momentous decisions regarding the future of his family .
it 's bad for ya carlin 's emmy -nominated and final hbo special from march of features carlin 's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death religion bureaucracy patriotism overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the american culture . carlin once again comes up with an hour of brand new material that not only makes you laugh but makes you think . george carlin will always remain part of the popular lexicon for his 'seven dirty words ' routine and as a comedian who was never afraid to challenge his audience .
provides evidence of manipulation and investment funding from the u .s. government to carry out the brazilian military coup that occurred in .
kevin hart plays the role of darnell --a family man desperate to get enough money to buy a house in a better area to benefit his family 's well -being. he is hired by james (will ferrell ) a wimpy stock trader who is about to go to prison for years to prepare him for life behind bars . the catch is that james thinks darnell is an ex -con--not because darnell told him that but because james just assumed .
a disfigured holocaust survivor sets out to determine if the man she loved betrayed her trust .
the story of a 's psychology lab in pennsylvania where a case of demonic possession took place .
a fallen warrior rises against a corrupt and sadistic ruler to avenge his dishonored master in a sword -clashing adventure of loyalty honor and vengeance .
maria altman sought to regain a world famous painting of her aunt plundered by the nazis during world war ii . she did so not just to regain what was rightfully hers but also to obtain some measure of justice for the death destruction and massive art theft perpetrated by the nazis .
samba migrated to france ten years ago from senegal and has since been plugging away at various lowly jobs . alice is a senior executive who has recently undergone a burn -out. both struggle to get out of their dead -end lives . samba 's willing to do whatever it takes to get working papers while alice tries to get her life back on track until fate draws them together .
bound by a shared destiny a bright optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy -genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger -filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "tomorrowland."
in the dock ellis pitched a no -hitter on lsd and his outspoken style courted conflict and controversy but his latter years were spent helping others recover from addiction . no no : a dockumentary weaves a surprising and moving story of a life in and out of the spotlight .
a couple who keeps their sick son in a secluded environment find their controlled lives challenged by a young girl who moves in next door .
paul blart is a mild -mannered man who works as a security guard in a new jersey mall . for years he has applied to become a cop but he always fails the physical exam because he is overweight . one day a gang of organized criminals put the mall under siege and take hostages . blart becomes trapped inside and because of his sense of duty refuses to leave . he thus becomes the police department 's eyes on the inside and attempts to stop the criminals on his own .
a mysterious artifact shatters the reality that special agent seve black has always known . in it 's aftermath she is left with only questions and the bizarre premonitions of five abominable young woman willing to kill any one for the artifact . will agent black be able to piece together her role in this enigma before this its to late ?
a nature documentary that follows a newborn monkey and its mother as they struggle to survive within the competitive social hierarchy of the temple troop a dynamic group of monkeys who live in ancient ruins found deep in the storied jungles of south asia .
from the creator of 'hammer of the gods ' starring stanley weber (borgia) and annabelle wallis (annabelle) the subjects of a ruthless tyrant 's oppression discover an unlikely freedom fighter whose code of honor demands bloody retribution .
a young woman born at the turn of the century is rendered ageless after an accident . after many solitary years she meets a man who complicates the eternal life she has settled into .
after finding out he has an std dylan must get back in touch with every girl he has ever had sex with to let them know the bad news .
inspired by a true story al pacino stars as aging rocker danny collins who can 't give up his hard -living ways . but when his manager (christopher plummer ) uncovers a year -old undelivered letter written to him by john lennon he decides to change course and embarks on a heartfelt journey to rediscover his family find true love and begin a second act .
jessica burns enlists the help of her best friend brian in order to document the relentless harassment she 's received from her former friend avery keller one of south brookdale high school 's most popular students .
a teenager facing an unplanned pregnancy seeks help from her acerbic grandmother a woman who is long estranged from her daughter .
never underestimate a girl with nothing to lose . based on the groundbreaking cult classic anime kite tells the story of sawa (india eisley "the secret life of the american teenager " underworld : awakening ) a young woman living in a corrupt society where crime and gangs terrorize the streets . when sawa 's mother and policeman father are found victims of a grisly double homicide she begins a ruthless pursuit for the man who murdered them . with the help of her father 's ex -partner karl aker (samuel l . jackson captain america : the winter soldier the avengers django unchained ) and a mysterious friend from her past (callan mcauliffe the great gatsby i am number four ) she becomes a merciless teen assassin blasting her way through the dark world of human trafficking only to uncover a devastating truth .
in san andreas california is experiencing a statewide earthquake that goes on record as easily the biggest earthquake in history . dwayne johnson plays ray gaines a helicopter rescue pilot for the los angeles fire department who is trying to find his daughter blake (alexandra daddario ) who is in san francisco amidst the chaos . ray 's estranged wife emma is forced to turn to ray for help as he is her last resort . together they journey to save their daughter .
alice suffers from borderline personality disorder but she has what she needs in life . she has an apartment she has a best friend and she has tapes of every oprah winfrey show . and now after winning the lottery she also has million dollars . what she doesn 't have is an outlet for the whole world to know who she really is . the tv station cut her off when she tried turning her lottery announcement into a frank discussion of her sexual experiences but with her money in hand she 's off to la to convince two struggling tv producer brothers to produce her own tv show . whatever it costs she 's going to do it . from swan entrances to dog neutering she is going to introduce the world to alice . but is the world ready for alice ?
it 's james franco 's turn to step in to the celebrity hot seat for the latest installment of the comedy central roast .
ajay rathod is a no -nonsense police officer from mumbai crime branch . long time ago his elder brother was killed by terrorists which caused him to quit his medical studies and join indian police service . he is a great admirer of pakistan -based ghazal singer gulfam hassan . during one of hassan 's concerts they meet for the first time and become great friends . meanwhile ajay 's investigation into the pakistan -supported cross -border terrorism takes him to rajasthan and reveals an unsettling truth about someone close to his heart .
in victorian england the independent and headstrong bathsheba everdene attracts three very different suitors : gabriel oak a sheep farmer ; frank troy a reckless sergeant ; and william boldwood a prosperous and mature bachelor .
a gun -for-hire known only as agent hired by a group known only as 'the organization ' is ensnared in a political conspiracy which finds him pursued by both interpol and the russian military as he treks across russia and eastern europe .
a musician who gave up everything for her dream of rock -and-roll stardom returns home looking to make things right with her family .
in the ruthless colombian cocaine barons invaded miami with a brand of violence unseen in this country since prohibition -era chicago - and it put the city on the map . "cocaine cowboys " is the true story of how miami became the drug murder and cash capital of the united states told by the people who made it all happen .
alexander a boy who has been raised in a sequestered commune finds that his increasing unwillingness to fall in line puts him on a collision course with gregori the society 's charismatic and domineering leader .
an elite 'search and rescue ' team transport onto an off -world mining -facility to rescue whit carmichael the lone survivor of a biological outbreak .
the bellas are back and they are better than ever . after being humiliated in front of none other than the president of the united states of america the bellas are taken out of the aca -circuit. in order to clear their name and regain their status the bellas take on a seemingly impossible task : winning an international competition no american team has ever won . in order to accomplish this monumental task they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca -magic! with all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip the bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams once again .
ted morgan has been treading water for most of his life . after his wife leaves him ted realizes he has nothing left to live for . summoning the courage for one last act ted decides to go home and face the people he feels are responsible for creating the shell of a person he has become . but life is tricky . the more determined ted is to confront his demons to get closure and to withdraw from his family the more ted is yanked into the chaos of their lives . so when ted morgan decides to kill himself he finds a reason to live .
an aspiring photographer develops an intimate relationship with an older woman in new york .
a love story set in a dystopian near future where single people are arrested and transferred to a creepy hotel . there they are obliged to find a matching mate in days . if they fail they are transformed into an animal and released into the woods .
after a couple of weeks seeking out his teenage daughter maggie wade finds her in the quarantine wing of a hospital . maggie has been infected by a lethal outbreak that transforms the victim into a zombie . wade 's friend dr . vern kaplan releases maggie to spend her last days with wade and her family . her stepmother caroline asks wade to take their little kids to her sister 's house to keep them safe . while maggie is slowly transformed wade stays with her protecting maggie . but dr . vern warns him that the moment that he will have to take an ultimate decision is closer .
an uptight and by -the-book cop tries to protect the outgoing widow of a drug boss as they race through texas pursued by crooked cops and murderous gunmen .
taking inspiration from the human centipede films the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a -person human centipede as a solution to his problems .
newlyweds come to visit groom 's friend only to discover him missing ; and their investigation uncovers evidence of a ring of anti -semites terrorizing the neighborhood .
during a manned mission to mars astronaut mark watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew . but watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet . with only meager supplies he must draw upon his ingenuity wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to earth that he is alive . millions of miles away nasa and a team of international scientists work tirelessly to bring "the martian " home while his crewmates concurrently plot a daring if not impossible rescue mission . as these stories of incredible bravery unfold the world comes together to root for watney 's safe return .
an attractive but lonely nurse accepts a blind date setup by a co -worker and arranges for them to meet at her home . a stranger arrives on her porch before the arranged time and she mistakes him for her blind date . the stranger rapes her and leaves her seriously traumatized . her life falls apart and she enters depression . she learns much later he is in a prison an hour away and begins visiting him first to confront him and her fears . then she starts to flirt and her spirits improve dramatically in the rest of her life .
during an unfortunate series of events a friend of kung fury is assassinated by the most dangerous kung fu master criminal of all time ; adolf hitler a .k.a kung fhrer . kung fury decides to travel back in time to nazi germany in order to kill hitler and end the nazi empire once and for all .
a state department employee newly posted to the american embassy in london is charged with stopping terrorists from getting into the u .s. that puts her right in the line of fire and she is targeted for death and framed for crimes . discredited she is forced to go on the run while she tries to clear her name and stop a large -scale terrorist attack set for new year 's eve in times square .
susan cooper is an unassuming deskbound cia analyst and the unsung hero behind the agency 's most dangerous missions . but when her partner falls off the grid and another top agent is compromised she volunteers to go deep undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer and prevent a global crisis .
despite having a love /hate relationship with her scoundrel of a father gordon townsend the one thing amy townsend has grown up believing from him is that monogamy isn 't realistic he and amy 's mom who broke up due to infidelity when amy was young . as such she gets drunk and stoned frequently in her pursuit of indiscriminate sex with an unstated rule that there is no sleeping over once the sex is over . her current "boyfriend" steven believes they are exclusive not knowing that she sleeps with other men . working at sensationalistic magazine s 'nuff under head sensationalist dianna amy is in line for a promotion she certain to get it if her next story meets dianna 's scrutiny . that story is a profile of sports doctor to the stars dr . aaron conners it despite amy knowing nothing about sports . to amy 's amazement aaron wants to date her following their first sexual encounter his sexual history in terms of quantity which is in extreme contrast to her own . also to her amazement she kind of wants to date him the entire ritual of being the one person in another person 's life a foreign concept to her . the road to a happy ending for the two is not guaranteed as their very different sexual histories and very different perspectives on sexual life may make them incompatible despite truly liking each other as people . ensuring that his man aaron is happy and doesn 't get hurt in the process is someone who seems to take aaron 's personal life even more to heart than he does : lebron james .
a celebrated military contractor returns to the site of his greatest career triumphs - the us space program in honolulu hawaii - and reconnects with a long -ago love while unexpectedly falling for the hard -charging air force watchdog assigned to him .
on the set of a playwright 's new project a love triangle forms between his wife her ex -lover and the call girl -turned-actress cast in the production .
in this sitcom the suddenly risen film star vince chase a 'jeune premier ' of humble origins learns the ropes of the business and the high -profile world of the wealthy happy few in and around hollywood but not alone : he brings from his native new york his atypical 'entourage (hence the title ) not glitterati or professionals but a close circle of friends since childhood and his professional agent finds they often make his job harder as the queens boys not only sponge on the star but also have his ear so vince is much harder to counsel . vince chooses his friend from home eric as his manager and la professional ari gold as his agent . over the course of the series they progress from kids from queens to actors to producers and chase the funding and support to try to make the perfect movie for vincent .
growing up can be a bumpy road and it 's no exception for riley who is uprooted from her midwest life when her father starts a new job in san francisco . like all of us riley is guided by her emotions - joy fear anger disgust and sadness . the emotions live in headquarters the control center inside riley 's mind where they help advise her through everyday life . as riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in san francisco turmoil ensues in headquarters . although joy riley 's main and most important emotion tries to keep things positive the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city house and school .
locked away from society in an apartment on the lower east side of manhattan the angulo brothers learn about the outside world through the films that they watch . nicknamed 'the wolfpack ' the brothers spend their childhood reenacting their favorite films using elaborate homemade props and costumes . their world is shaken up when one of the brothers decides to revisit the outside world and everything changes .
in the beach boys leader brian wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant -garde pop masterpiece . in the he is a broken confused man under the -hour watch of shady therapist dr . eugene landy .
katniss everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister 's place in the hunger games a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve districts of panem are chosen at random to fight to the death .
when aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war they attack the earth in the form of the video games .
an inquisitive teenager pries into suspected dodgy dealings on her space station home - and ends up being sent down to earth .
an inquisitive teenager pries into suspected dodgy dealings on her space station home - and ends up being sent down to earth .
an inquisitive teenager pries into suspected dodgy dealings on her space station home - and ends up being sent down to earth .
taking place in a manhattan apartment building max 's life as a favorite pet is turned upside down when his owner brings home a sloppy mongrel named duke . they have to put their quarrels behind when they find out that an adorable white bunny named snowball is building an army of lost pets determined to take revenge
a distanced couple decide to take in a seemingly innocent pregnant woman in hopes of adopting her unborn child . however there is more to a book than its cover .
an extremely wealthy man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness into the body of a healthy young man . but all is not as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body 's origin and the organization that will kill to protect its cause .
the modern world holds many secrets but the most astounding secret of all is that witches still live amongst us ; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the black death upon the world . armies of witch hunters battled the unnatural enemy across the globe for centuries including kaulder a valiant warrior who managed to slay the all -powerful queen witch decimating her followers in the process . in the moments right before her death the queen curses kaulder with her own immortality forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter in the afterlife . today kaulder is the only one of his kind remaining and has spent centuries hunting down rogue witches all the while yearning for his long -lost loved ones . however unbeknownst to kaulder the queen witch is resurrected and seeks revenge on her killer causing an epic battle that will determine the survival of the human race .
it feels good to be bad ...assemble a team of the world 's most dangerous incarcerated super villains provide them with the most powerful arsenal at the government 's disposal and send them off on a mission to defeat an enigmatic insuperable entity . u .s. intelligence officer amanda waller has determined only a secretly convened group of disparate despicable individuals with next to nothing to lose will do . however once they realize they weren 't picked to succeed but chosen for their patent culpability when they inevitably fail will the suicide squad resolve to die trying or decide it 's every man for himself ?
the aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy earth . fighting superior technology mankind 's best weapon is the will to survive .
months after john 's divorce ted and tami -lynn's marriage seems on the same road . to patch things up ted and tami -lynn plan to have a child with john 's help but their failed efforts backfire disastrously . namely ted is declared property by the government and he loses all his civil rights . now ted must fight a seemingly hopeless legal battle with an inexperienced young lawyer to regain his rightful legal status . unfortunately between ted 's drunken idiocies and sinister forces interested in this situation to exploit him ted 's quest has all the odds against him .
minions stuart kevin and bob are recruited by scarlet overkill a super -villain who alongside her inventor husband herb hatches a plot to take over the world .
the good dinosaur asks the question : what if the asteroid that forever changed life on earth missed the planet completely and giant dinosaurs never became extinct ? in this epic journey into the world of dinosaurs an apatosaurus named arlo makes an unlikely human friend . while traveling through a harsh and mysterious landscape arlo learns the power of confronting his fears and discovers what he is truly capable of .
based on a true story of james "whitey" bulger an irish mob godfather and fbi informant who had a "secret trading " deal with his brother william "billy" bulger a state senator and a boston public figure and john connolly an fbi agent . they planned to take down the italian mob and mafia in boston which went awry and things turned massively violent . when the credence for each other began fading out drug dealing murders and extortion started to rise and forced the fbi 's boston office to confirm that whitey bulger was one of the most notorious criminals in us history and also one of the fbi 's ten most wanted list criminals .
a cryptic message from the past sends james bond on a rogue mission to mexico city and eventually rome where he meets lucia the beautiful and forbidden widow of an infamous criminal . bond infiltrates a secret meeting and uncovers the existence of the sinister organisation known as spectre . meanwhile back in london max denbigh the new head of the centre of national security questions bond 's actions and challenges the relevance of led by m . bond covertly enlists moneypenny and q to help him seek out madeleine swann the daughter of his old nemesis mr white who may hold the clue to untangling the web of spectre . as the daughter of the assassin she understands bond in a way most others cannot . as bond ventures towards the heart of spectre he learns a chilling connection between himself and the enemy he seeks .
when fin and april go to florida for the summer vacation strong winds and lots of rain comes to florida and a sharknado comes and destroyes florida . the sharknado goes to washington d .c. and sharks falling from the sky . it 's up to fin and april to stop the sharknado the third time .
it 's bad for ya carlin 's emmy -nominated and final hbo special from march of features carlin 's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death religion bureaucracy patriotism overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the american culture . carlin once again comes up with an hour of brand new material that not only makes you laugh but makes you think . george carlin will always remain part of the popular lexicon for his 'seven dirty words ' routine and as a comedian who was never afraid to challenge his audience .
it 's bad for ya carlin 's emmy -nominated and final hbo special from march of features carlin 's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death religion bureaucracy patriotism overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the american culture . carlin once again comes up with an hour of brand new material that not only makes you laugh but makes you think . george carlin will always remain part of the popular lexicon for his 'seven dirty words ' routine and as a comedian who was never afraid to challenge his audience .
a hacker known as the puppet master is hunted by a female cyborg cop and her partner . this film is a revised version of ghost in the shell
steve jobs takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution to paint a portrait of the man at its epicenter . the story unfolds backstage at three iconic product launches ending in with the unveiling of the imac .
the wide generation gap between tess coleman and her teenage daughter anna is more than evident . they simply cannot understand each other 's preferences . on a thursday night they have a big argument in a chinese restaurant . both receive a fortune cookie each from the restaurant owner 's mother which causes them to switch bodies next day . as they adjust with their new personalities they begin to understand each other more and eventually it 's the mutual self -respect that sorts the things out .
hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids an adult rusty griswold takes his wife and two sons on a cross -country road trip to walley world . needless to say things don 't go quite as planned .
heading home late one night after a party kate falls asleep while waiting for her train . she awakens to find herself trapped in the london underground with all the doors locked for the evening . while being attacked by a co -worker who has followed her a mysterious unseen creature drags him away and kills him . this begins a terrifying ordeal as kate and a young homeless couple are stalked through the dark tunnels by something dangerous with payback on its mind .
the face of an angel tells the story of a journalist and a filmmaker as they lose themselves in a notorious murder case they are covering . based on true events a riveting account of the controversial case of a american student accused of murder in italy .
a pair of friends embark on a mission to reunite their pal with the woman he was going to marry .
alien robots come to earth and assert their control over humanity . they claim that they only want to observe humanity . they enforce a strict no one allowed outside rule . they implant humans with a device that alerts sentries to anyone who goes outside and if they refuse to comply they are destroyed . they also employ humans to be their proctors . one of these men is robin smythe . he tries to get kate flynn to be his wife but she still mourns her husband whom smythe says died . but her son sean doesn 't believe it . he sends messages out asking anyone who knows anything about his father to tell him . one day he and three young people are fooling around when they discover that they turned off their implant . that 's when they go outside and someone answers sean 's message and tells him where his father is . so he goes out to find him but smythe pursues him and brings his mother as leverage . and when the robots corner sean he somehow manages to control them . so the robots are curious why he can do that . so they tell smythe to capture him .
frank vega and bernie pope return this time to louisiana in an attempt to find a kidnapped friend .
the general public is concerned over having superman on their planet and letting the "dark knight " - batman - pursue the streets of gotham . while this is happening a power -phobic batman tries to attack superman .meanwhile superman tries to settle on a decision and lex luthor the criminal mastermind and millionaire tries to use his own advantages to fight the "man of steel ".
a documentary on the life of amy winehouse the immensely talented yet doomed songstress . we see her from her teen years where she already showed her singing abilities to her finding success and then her downward spiral into alcoholism and drugs .
the true story of tony fingleton a young man from a troubled family who found the inner strength to become a champion . always overshadowed in his father 's eyes by his brothers it is only when tony displays an extraordinary swimming talent that he feels he has a shot at winning his father 's heart .
three years after mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game he and the remaining kings of tampa hit the road to myrtle beach to put on one last blow -out performance .
the man -cub mowgli flees the jungle after a threat from the tiger shere khan . guided by bagheera the panther and the bear baloo mowgli embarks on a journey of self -discovery though he also meets creatures who don 't have his best interests at heart .
in the with the cold war in play cia agent napoleon solo successfully helps gaby teller defect to west germany despite the intimidating opposition of kgb agent illya kuryakin . later all three unexpectedly find themselves working together in a joint mission to stop a private criminal organization from using gaby 's father 's scientific expertise to construct their own nuclear bomb . through clenched teeth and stylish poise all three must find a way to cooperate for the sake of world peace even as they each pursue their own agendas .
a "documentary" on the rivalry between an american tennis player aaron williams (played by andy samberg ) and an english tennis player charles poole (kit harrington of game of thrones fame ). focuses largely on the match where their rivalry reached a climax - wimbledon round - a match that took seven days ...
twelve people have walked on the moon but only one man - philippe petit (joseph gordon -levitt) - has ever or will ever walk in the immense void between the world trade center towers . guided by his real -life mentor papa rudy (ben kingsley ) and aided by an unlikely band of international recruits petit and his gang overcome long odds betrayals dissension and countless close calls to conceive and execute their mad plan . robert zemeckis the director of such marvels as forrest gump cast away back to the future polar express and flight again uses cutting edge technology in the service of an emotional character -driven story . with innovative photorealistic techniques and imax wizardry the walk is true big -screen cinema a chance for moviegoers to viscerally experience the feeling of reaching the clouds . the film a pg -rated all -audience entertainment for moviegoers to unlike anything audiences have seen before is a love letter to paris and new york city in the but most of all to the towers of the world trade center .
a close -knit trio navigates the idea of creating life while at the same time being confronted with a brutal scenario that causes them to take a life .
shortly after their tenth wedding anniversary new york theater producer steven hilliard and his wife former popular radio singer kay hilliard ne ashley are getting a kay -initiated reno ...
years after a horrific accident during a small town school play students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone .
this is a film about a man his passion and the lives he 's shaped for good .
a black samurai goes on a mission to avenge the wrongful death of his father in a futuristic feudal japan .
while exploring the uncharted wilderness in legendary frontiersman hugh glass sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack . when his hunting team leaves him for dead glass must utilize his survival skills to find a way back home while avoiding natives on their own hunt . grief -stricken and fueled by vengeance glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down john fitzgerald the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him .
a tormented philosophy professor finds a will to live when he commits an existential act .
when altan swipes prescription drugs from his brother nuri 's pharmacy they soon find themselves on a dangerous but funny road trip to get rid of the stuff and escape the mafiosi altan ...
boxer billy hope turns to trainer tick wills to help him get his life back on track after losing his wife in a tragic accident and his daughter to child protection services .
when drug violence worsens on the usa mexico border the fbi sends an idealistic agent kate macer (emily blunt ) on a mission to eradicate a drug cartel responsible for a bomb that had killed members of her team .
michael stone an author that specializes in customer service is a man who is unable to interact deeply with other people . his low sensitivity to excitement and his lack of interest made him a man with a repetitive life on his own perspective . but when he went on a business trip he met a stranger - an extraordinary stranger which slowly became a cure for his negative view on life that possibly will change his mundane life .
a retired -year-old widower ben (played by robert de niro ) is bored with retired life . he applies to a be a senior intern at an online fashion retailer and gets the position . the founder of the company is jules ostin (anne hathaway ) a tireless driven demanding dynamic workaholic . ben is made her intern but this is a nominal role - she doesn 't intend to give him work and it is just window dressing . however ben proves to be quite useful and more than that a source of support and wisdom .
friends on a camping trip discover that the town they 're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space .
room tells the extraordinary story of jack a spirited -year-old who is looked after by his loving and devoted mother . like any good mother ma dedicates herself to keeping jack happy and safe nurturing him with warmth and love and doing typical things like playing games and telling stories . their life however is anything but typical --they are trapped --confined to a space that ma has euphemistically named room . ma has created a whole universe for jack within room and she will stop at nothing to ensure that even in this treacherous environment jack is able to live a complete and fulfilling life . but as jack 's curiosity about their situation grows and ma 's resilience reaches its breaking point they enact a risky plan to escape ultimately bringing them face -to-face with what may turn out to be the scariest thing yet : the real world .
in the aftermath of the bp oil spill an idealistic but flawed politician is forced to confront his dysfunctional life after his career is destroyed in a sex scandal .
simon and robyn are a young married couple whose life is going just as planned until a chance encounter with an acquaintance from simon 's high school sends their world into a harrowing tailspin . simon doesn 't recognize gordo at first but after a series of uninvited encounters and mysterious gifts prove troubling a horrifying secret from the past is uncovered after more than years . as robyn learns the unsettling truth about what happened between simon and gordo she starts to question : how well do we really know the people closest to us and are past bygones ever really bygones ?
it 's bad for ya carlin 's emmy -nominated and final hbo special from march of features carlin 's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death religion bureaucracy patriotism overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the american culture . carlin once again comes up with an hour of brand new material that not only makes you laugh but makes you think . george carlin will always remain part of the popular lexicon for his 'seven dirty words ' routine and as a comedian who was never afraid to challenge his audience .
new england : william and katherine try to lead a devout christian life homesteading on the edge of an impassible wilderness with five children . when their newborn son mysteriously vanishes and their crops fail the family begins to turn on one another . 'the witch ' is a chilling portrait of a family unraveling within their own sins leaving them prey for an inescapable evil .
two children are sent to their grandparents house to spend a week with their grandparents while their single mom goes on a relaxing vacation with her boyfriend . one of the kids becca decides to film a documentary about her grandparents in order to help her mom reconnect with her parents and also find out some things about her parents as well . while filming the documentary however becca and her little brother tyler discover a dark secret about their grandparents .
small -town stoner mike howell (jesse eisenberg ) spends most of his time getting high and writing a graphic novel about a superhero monkey . what mike doesn 't know is that he was trained by the cia to be a lethal killing machine . when the agency targets him for termination his former handler activates his latent skills turning the mild -mannered slacker into a deadly weapon . now the utterly surprised mike must use his newfound abilities to save himself and his girlfriend from getting wasted .
in five young men using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in america into the most powerful weapon they had : their music . taking us back to where it all began straight outta compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels -armed only with their lyrics swagger bravado and raw talent -stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world 's most dangerous group n .w.a. and as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today .
a small -town sheriff sets out to find the two kids who have taken his car on a joy ride .
pip is a street kid who 's meeting life head -on in the big city . on his eighteenth birthday he receives his grandfather 's second world war memoirs on audio cassette a gift that awakens the ghost of the long lost world . his grandfather relates the story of the day he turned eighteen fleeing german forces through the woods of france with a dying comrade hanging on for life . in pip 's own and contemporary way he begins to live the parallel life of his grandfather both lost in their environments and generations . along pip 's path he stumbles into an unlikely alliance with clark a gay street hustler on the make and jenny an aspiring social worker who tempts pip with feelings of love and domesticity . he also forges a small but important relationship with a local priest in whom he confides his deepest secret : the death of his brother and the heinous act his father committed against him before his passing .
a wealthy professional gay couple who wish to adopt children see their lives turned topsy turvy when they take in two misbehaving brothers supposedly just for one night .
this is a combination coming out and first love story . the swimmer and diver lucard is interested in attractive martin . the film follows the characters ' coming out with all its difficulties the bitter -sweet pleasures of first love and the dreadful moment when one comes down to reality and realizes that one 's beloved friend has a hard way to go yet . the positive message the film tries to transmit is the somewhat common motto "live each day of your life as if it were your last ."
story of a jewish man who discovers that his boyfriend of years is cheating on him .
a year old girl prepares a list of wishes for years hoping they will come true on her birthday . a fairy comes to give her candles that make the wishes come true . her wishes go the wrong way and are permanent when midnight comes . she has one final wish to reverse her previous wishes .
and gay ' is the movie for the gay everyman . following a year in the life of james sanchez it 's a story about a guy rapidly approaching thirty who doesn 't have a six -pack full head of hair or a boyfriend . while his best friend roxy an actress -turned-activist struggles with showing him there 's life beyond the glitz of the disco ball his other friend brandon one of those gay boys comfortable in his own gay skin works on getting james to at least talk to a boy . feeling out of place in the world of circuit boys caught between his hispanic -american heritage and being gay we watch james find his place in the world realizing that life is in the journey not the destination .
a gay man approaching a mid -life crisis is tired of being different because he is gay . he wants to be normal . suddenly he is yanked back in time to when he was in high school . but this time the world is gay and to be straight is considered deviant behavior . then something else happens . he meets a girl . and suddenly normal becomes ...well almost normal .
this is a fast -paced comedy about a -year-old gay man who finds himself dating two equally lovable men - a secure -year-old who came out later in life and an adventurous -year-old who wasn 't looking for a relationship . what he doesn 't find out right away is that the two men are in fact father and son . and as they say wackiness ensues .
glenn gets tired of one night stands and answers an ad placed by adam who is looking for an ltr . glenn & adam are perfect for each other except for one or two or many things .
director rob williams (long-term relationship back soon ) serves up a shaken and stirred cocktail of sexual intrigue humor and drama in his latest about an unlikely group of friends and ...
paul and eddie have just begun previews for the new off -broadway musical "adam and steve just the way god made 'em." their lives strangely mirror the characters they are playing . paul is looking for the perfect man and eddie is dealing with how his sexuality and faith can mix . after yet another disastrous dating experience paul has an epiphany . he is done dating and just wants to be a slut like the sexy chorus boys that share his dressing room . eddie has to tell his parents that he 's gay and is starring in a show that calls the bible the "breeder's informational book of living examples ". eddie comes out to his family and paul goes on manhunt . eddie 's parents are destroyed by the news and paul can 't even have a good one -night stand . but after musical numbers with scantly clad tap dancing angels a retelling of genesis tele -evangelists a camp that attempts to turn gay kids straight and a bunch of showtunes everyone realizes that life gets better once they accept who they really are . and they are just the way god made 'em.
teen heartthrob chris trousdale lead singer of popular boy band dream street finds himself hiding out in the house of his biggest fan .
a working girl tears through tinseltown on christmas eve searching for the pimp who broke her heart .
wolfgang zenker a middle -aged traveling ladies ' fashion salesman is in dire straits : his deadly rival is threatening to steal his best customers and he 's lost his driver 's license . ...
joy has always been fascinated by creating things this pursuit was always supported emotionally by her maternal grandmother mimi . joy feels that lack of practical support has led to others making fortunes on ideas she came up with years ago but could not act upon manufacturing . despite being broke joy is the person in her extended family to whom everyone has always turned in the process forgoing her own life including not having attended college to help see her parents through their divorce . she works in an unsatisfying job as an eastern airlines ticket clerk ; and lives with her mother terry who spends all day in bed watching soap operas ; her ex -husband tony a less than successful aspiring latino tom jones wannabe ; and their two children . added to this mix is her father rudy the owner of a failing heavy -duty garage which is managed by joy 's older half -sister peggy with whom she has somewhat of a strained relationship and for which joy does the books . sharon rudy 's latest girlfriend who has just dumped him drops him off on joy 's doorstep making joy 's home life even more complicated as rudy does not get along with either terry or tony . joy begins to feel buried by her life in the process her childhood dream of making things seemingly getting farther and farther away . as such joy decides to make some changes in her life and expects the unquestioning practical support of her family . those changes include manufacturing a new product of her design ; what she chooses this time around being a self -wringing mop . that support also includes being able to pitch the idea to rudy 's current wealthy girlfriend trudy . even if she does get to the manufacturing stage joy will have to battle the narrow minds of business executives in marketing her product that is unless she can find a way to get into the homes of the american public in one fell swoop . but nothing is a done deal until the consumer forks out his /her hard earned money for the product and all the legal issues are dealt with . joy has to decide if she will "pick up the gun " as trudy asked in their initial investment meeting in dealing with an especially troublesome legal issue .
after living on the tough streets of la for a while india hopes that every gay basher will meet his destiny . in this case destiny is a black foot high heel wearing gun toting drag ...
a drama that tracks the story of the foot soldiers of the early feminist movement women who were forced underground to pursue a dangerous game of cat and mouse with an increasingly brutal state . these women were not primarily from the genteel educated classes they were working women who had seen peaceful protest achieve nothing . radicalized and turning to violence as the only route to change they were willing to lose everything in their fight for equality - their jobs their homes their children and their lives . maud was one such foot soldier . the story of her fight for dignity is as gripping and visceral as any thriller it is also heart -breaking and inspirational .
filled with heart humor and wit war room follows tony and elizabeth jordan a couple who seemingly have it all -great jobs a beautiful daughter their dream home . but appearances can be deceiving . in reality their marriage has become a war zone and their daughter is collateral damage . with guidance from miss clara an older wiser woman elizabeth discovers she can start fighting for her family instead of against them . as the power of prayer and elizabeth 's newly energized faith transform her life will tony join the fight and become the man he knows he needs to be ? together their real enemy doesn 't have a prayer .
the true story of london 's most notorious gangsters twins reggie and ronnie kray . as the brothers rise through the criminal underworld ronnie advances the family business with violence and intimidation while reggie struggles to go legitimate for local girl frances shea . in and out of prison ronnie 's unpredictable tendencies and the slow disintegration of reggie 's marriage threaten to bring the brothers ' empire tumbling to the ground .
two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient evil entity known as the blind one by delving into black magic while trying to escape their mundane lives .
copenhagen . danish artist gerda wegener painted her own husband einar wegener (eddie redmayne ) as a lady in her painting . when the painting gained popularity einar started to change his appearance into a female appearance and named himself lili elbe . with his feminism passion and gerda 's support einar - or elbe - attempted one of the first male -to-female sex reassignment surgery a decision that turned into a massive change for their marriage that gerda realized her own husband is no longer a man or the person she married before . a childhood friend of einar art -dealer hans axgil (matthias schoenaerts ) shows up and starts a complex love triangle with the couple .
a punk rock band is forced to fight for survival after witnessing a murder at a neo -nazi skinhead bar .
the dress is a tale filled with sex violence comedy and drama as it follows the life of a dress . conceived under a cloud of frustration and despair the dress serves as the hub in a great ...
follows the journey of a young boy agu who is forced to join a group of soldiers in a fictional west african country . while agu fears his commander and many of the men around him his fledgling childhood has been brutally shattered by the war raging through his country and he is at first torn between conflicting revulsion and fascination depicts the mechanics of war and does not shy away from explicit visceral detail and paints a complex difficult picture of agu as a child soldier .
after being drugged and raped at a party a young woman contracts what she thinks is an std ; but it 's actually something much worse .
in the small central california town where they grew up two estranged gay brothers struggle to reconnect after the recent death of their father .
lynn markham moves into her late husband 's beach house ...the morning after former tenant eloise crandall fell (or was pushed ) from the cliff . to her annoyance lynn finds both her real estate agent and drummond hall her muscular beachcomber neighbor making themselves quite at home . lynn soon has no doubts of what her scheming neighbors are up to but she finds drummond 's physical charms hard to resist . and she still doesn 't know what really happened to eloise .
a drama centered on the relationship between a young man and a transsexual who is transitioning from female to male .
with exclusive access to his extraordinary unseen and unheard personal archive including hundreds of hours of audio recorded over the course of his life this is the definitive marlon brando cinema documentary . charting his exceptional career as an actor and his extraordinary life away from the stage and screen with brando himself as your guide the film will fully explore the complexities of the man by telling the story uniquely from marlon 's perspective entirely in his own voice . no talking heads no interviewees just brando on brando and life .
on christmas eve three lifelong friends spend the night in new york city looking for the holy grail of christmas parties .
on the morning of may climbers from two commercial expeditions start their final ascent toward the summit of mount everest the highest point on earth . with little warning a violent storm strikes the mountain engulfing the adventurers in one of the fiercest blizzards ever encountered by man . challenged by the harshest conditions imaginable the teams must endure blistering winds and freezing temperatures in an epic battle to survive against nearly impossible odds .
when the boston globe 's tenacious "spotlight" team of reporters delves into allegations of abuse in the catholic church their year -long investigation uncovers a decades -long cover -up at the highest levels of boston 's religious legal and government establishment touching off a wave of revelations around the world .
during the height of the cold war american chess prodigy bobby fischer finds himself caught between two superpowers when he challenges the soviet empire .
chef adam jones (bradley cooper ) had it all - and lost it . a two -star michelin rockstar with the bad habits to match the former enfant terrible of the paris restaurant scene did everything different every time out and only ever cared about the thrill of creating explosions of taste . to land his own kitchen and that third elusive michelin star though he 'll need the best of the best on his side including the beautiful helene (sienna miller ).
dracula and his friends try to bring out the monster in his half human half vampire grandson in order to keep mavis from leaving the hotel .
narcopolis is a futuristic thriller set in the near future where all classes of drugs have been legalized . frank grieves is a 'dreck' a roaming narc responsible for keeping the black market dealers off the streets and the licenced drugs companies rich . when he discovers a rogue substance in an unidentified corpse evidence suggests that ambro the most powerful drug manufacturer of all are conducting secret tests on an experimental narcotic . grieves discovers a second victim - this time alive - but she disappears and he is suddenly taken off the case by his superiors . as his options drain away it 's clear that legalization has come at a heavy price . is it too late to save the city ?
ashby is a coming of age /approaching death comedy drama . a seventeen -year-old kid (ed) trying to understand who he wants to be in the world befriends a terminally ill ex -cia contract killer (ashby) who is trying to make peace with his life and god before he goes . 'making peace ' might just entail killing three old bosses who have tricked him into breaching his strange moral code .
this powerful portrait of the life and career of great american music icon glen campbell opens to the viewer the world of the singular talent who created hits like rhinestone cowboy wichita lineman and gentle on my mind . winner of the grammy for lifetime achievement and member of the country music hall of fame glen was the first country music star to cross over to the pop charts opening a new realm of opportunity for generations of country musicians . in when campbell was diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease he joined forces with his family to fight the biggest battle of his life . glen and his wife kim made history by going public with the diagnosis - the first time a major american celebrity would share this experience with the world . the campbell family then embarked on a short "goodbye tour " but the three -week engagement turned into an emotional and triumphant -show nationwide tour de force . this epic human drama about the undying bond between glen and kim and their unwavering caring for each other chronicles a story of love resilience and the power of song . glen campbell ...i'll be me is the true tale of how america 's greatest country star would not give up his music or his family against all odds . the film features those who know and love glen including bruce springsteen bill clinton the edge paul mccartney jay leno vince gill jimmy webb blake shelton sheryl crow keith urban brad paisley steve martin chad smith and taylor swift among many others . rare vintage footage and extraordinary new performances of glen 's most beloved hits immerse this moving cinematic account in the overwhelming talent of this humble family man . with joy and a tireless sense of humor glen and his family live each moment in the present while preparing for the future all while playing their music to sold out venues on a star spangled voyage spanning the country from carnegie hall to the hollywood bowl .
during the cold war an american lawyer is recruited to defend an arrested soviet spy in court and then help the cia facilitate an exchange of the spy for the soviet captured american spy plane pilot francis gary powers .
three different men three different worlds three different wars - all stand at the intersection of modern warfare - a murky world of fluid morality where all is not as it seems .
two estranged brothers reunite at their childhood home in the alaskan wild . they set out on a two -day hike and are stalked by an unrelenting grizzly bear .
while attending a dinner party at his former home a man thinks his ex -wife and her new husband have sinister intentions for their guests .
kaewta knows her final day is fast approaching . she decides to fly to new york city to forget her painful past and spend her last four months there . fate plays games with her again when she has an accident upon her arrival and she can 't even remember who she is . alienated amid the confusion of this unfamiliar urban world she meets a mysterious man who although warm and comforting seems to harbor many secrets . kaewta embraces the chance for a new beautiful life . but she doesn 't know her happiness can last only for four months .
first this is all about monsters and any kind of supernatural .after going to a new small townthe teenager boy zach cooper (dylan minnette ) he meets the beautiful girl hannah (odeya rush ) living right next door . but every silver lining has a cloud and zach 's comes when he learns that hannah has a mysterious dad who is revealed to be r . l . stine (jack black ) the author of the bestselling goosebumps series . it turns out that there is a reason why stine is so strange ... he is a prisoner of his own imagination - the monsters that his books made famous are real and stine protects his readers by keeping them locked up in their books . zach unintentionally unleashes the monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town it 's suddenly up to stine zach hannah and zach 's friend champ (ryan lee ) they all do their best to back all of the monsters in the book .
after a painful breakup successful lobbyist leah vaughn (sanaa lathan ) jumps into a passionate relationship with a charming stranger (michael ealy ). when her ex -boyfriend (morris chestnut ) resurfaces in her life she has to figure out who she should trust and who she should fear .
four men set out in the wild west to rescue a group of captives from cannibalistic cave dwellers .
based on rosalie ham 's best selling novel the dressmaker is the story of femme fatale tilly dunnage who returns to her small home town in the country to right the wrongs of the past . a stylish drama with comic undertones about love revenge and haute couture .
fun -loving bobby is a mail boy in a big firm but he has a trump card his best friend waymon a "white" african -american who is almost a partner in the firm . they make a deal : waymon will ...
from to gangs ruled new york city . beyond the idealistic hopes of the civil rights movement lay a unfocused rage . neither law enforcement nor social agency could end the escalating bloodshed . peace came only through the most unlikely and courageous of events that would change the world for generations to come by giving birth to hip -hop culture . rubble kings the most comprehensive documentation of life during this era of gang rule to date tells the story of how a few extraordinary forgotten people did the impossible and how their actions impacted the world over .
in pittsburgh accomplished pathologist dr . bennet omalu uncovers the truth about brain damage in football players who suffer repeated concussions in the course of normal play .
charlie brown snoopy and the whole gang are back in a heartwarming story . while charlie brown is trying to accomplish something a new girl with red hair arrives and charlie brown falls in love . now he tries to impress the red haired girl to make her feel like he 's a winner but charlie brown just can 't do anything right . at the same time snoopy is writing a love story about a beautiful dog . then charlie brown gets a perfect score on his standardized test but there has been a mistake . should he tell the truth or get the love of his love to like him ? can charlie brown get the girl to love him or will he remain a nothing ?
the latest feature film from award -winning japanese director mamoru hosoda (summer wars wolf children ): when kyuta a young orphan living on the streets of shibuya stumbles into a fantastic world of beasts he 's taken in by kumatetsu a gruff rough -around-the-edges warrior beast who 's been searching for the perfect apprentice . despite their constant bickering kyuta and kumatetsu begin training together and slowly form a bond as surrogate father and son . but when a deep darkness threatens to throw the human and beast worlds into chaos the strong bond between this unlikely family will be put to ultimate test -a final showdown that will only be won if the two can finally work together using all of their combined strength and courage .
bruno is dumped by his girlfriend ; behind a calm indifferent expression his mind plans a cold sweet vengeance . she a modern girl keeps on seeing him once in a while but has another boyfriend pablo . bruno becomes pablo 's friend with the idea of eroding the couple maybe introducing him to another woman . but along the way the possibility of a plan b arises a more effective one which will put his own sexuality into question .
best friends szabolcs and bernard are playing in the same german football team . after a lost game szabolcs decides to go home to hungary where he meets another boy ron with whom they become lovers but soon bernard comes after his friend .
naomi and ely have loved each other their whole lives even though ely isn 't exactly into girls . the institution of a "no kiss list " has prevented the two from rifts in the past but bonds are tested when they both fall for the same guy .
adonis johnson is the son of the famous boxing champion apollo creed who died in a boxing match in rocky iv adonis wasn 't born until after his father 's death and wants to follow his fathers footsteps in boxing . he seeks a mentor who is the former heavyweight boxing champion and former friend of apollo creed the retired rocky balboa . rocky eventually agrees to mentor adonis . with rocky 's help they hope to get a title job to face even deadlier opponents than his father . but whether he is a true fighter remains to be seen ....
on february samantha an american actor living in los angeles received a message via facebook that would drastically change her life . it was from anas a french fashion design student living in london . anas ' friends viewed a video on youtube featuring samantha . they were immediately blown away by the identical appearance of samantha & anas . after a few light google stalking sessions anas & her friends discovered that both girls were born on november and adopted shortly after . anas knew immediately that it was possible for samantha to be her biological twin sister and reached out to her through twitter & facebook . this sparked the beginning of the journey for samantha and anas .
a psychic doctor john clancy (anthony hopkins ) works with an fbi special agent (jeffrey dean morgan ) in search of serial killer charles ambrose (colin farrell after having lived in isolation for two years since the death of his daughter clancy is asked by his friend joe an fbi special agent to help him solve several murders committed by a serial killer . the problem is that ambrose is also psychic and far ahead of clancy .
thou gild 'st the evenis about the ordinary sorrows worries and troubles of the townsmen with extraordinary abilities . in a small anatolian town life goes on ; cemal is an assistant referee in football matches yasemin works in an egg factory defne is a street vendor who sells books doctor irfan is occupied with his patients . in this town with two suns and three full moons in the sky cemal -who can see through walls - has no expectation out of life and looks for a way out with yasemin -who can move objects remotely with her fingers - as he was trying to deal with his distress . however defne who can freeze time will muddle things up ; yasemin 's immortal boss 's actions will contradict the invisible elementary school teacher 's advices who is trying to ease the worries of cemal .
in 's hollywood movie star guy stone must marry a studio secretary in order to conceal his homosexuality . sally has no idea her marriage is a sham though and turns guy 's life upside -down. then he falls in love .
two brothers tour charles manson murder sites . one is a devoted family man . one is devoted to the family .
bill murray worries no one will show up to his tv show due to a terrible snowstorm in new york city .
schneider a hit man gets a call from mertens on the morning of his birthday . he has a rush job for schneider who refuses it because it is his birthday and he has promised lucy his wife to help her with the preparations for the dinner party . mertens insists that it is an important matter . schneider is told that the target is ramon bax a writer . he lives alone in a secluded place . "it's an easy job . with a little luck you 're back home before noon ." schneider accepts the assignment . what seems to be a simple job turns out to be more than expected .
the story of the killian documents controversy (a.k.a. "rathergate") in the days leading up to the presidential election . when veteran newscaster dan rather and cbs news head mary mapes choose to air a segment on minutes exposing how president bush avoided being drafted to vietnam through his father 's political advantages the resulting fallout ultimately costs them their jobs and reputations .
three separate but parallel stories of the u .s mortgage housing crisis of are told . michael burry an eccentric ex -physician turned one -eyed scion capital hedge fund manager has traded traditional office attire for shorts bare feet and a supercuts haircut . he believes that the us housing market is built on a bubble that will burst within the next few years . autonomy within the company allows burry to do largely as he pleases so burry proceeds to bet against the housing market with the banks who are more than happy to accept his proposal for something that has never happened in american history . the banks believe that burry is a crackpot and therefore are confident in that they will win the deal . jared vennett with deutschebank gets wind of what burry is doing and as an investor believes he too can cash in on burry 's beliefs . an errant telephone call to frontpoint partners gets this information into the hands of mark baum an idealist who is fed up with the corruption in the financial industry . baum and his associates who work at an arms length under morgan stanley decide to join forces with vennett despite not totally trusting him . in addition to burry 's information they further believe that most of the mortgages are overrated by the bond agencies with the banks collating all the sub -prime mortgages under aaa packages . charlie geller and jamie shipley who are minor players in a million start -up garage company called brownfield get a hold of vennett 's prospectus on the matter . wanting in on the action but not having the official clout to play they decide to call an old "friend" retired investment banker ben rickert to help out . all three of these groups work on the premise that the banks are stupid and don 't know what 's going on while for them to win the general economy has to lose which means the suffering of the general investor who trusts the financial institutions . that latter aspect may not sit well with baum . some of these assumptions may be incorrect and may be far more manipulative than they could have ever imagined which in turn may throw curves into the process .
an outlaw who was raised by native americans discovers that he has five half -brothers; together the men go on a mission to find their wayward deadbeat dad .
a little girl is taken on a mind -bending tour of her distant future .
after many years of being separated from modeling and each other derek and hansel are dragged back into the fashion world in rome . after being humiliated on the runway by the people behind the scenes derek and hansel decide to quit the business . . . until retired swimsuit model valentina drags them back in with questions about recent celebrity deaths . soon after derek also realizes out that the son who was taken from him is in rome and is much dismayed to find that derek jr . is fat . and smart . regardless derek sr . continues his mission with hansel which leads them to the fashion -model legends of "adam eve and steve " and the "chosen one ". who is that person ? why do the models drink the chosen one 's blood ? will derek 's and hansel 's careers resume ?
there 's a right way to be single a wrong way to be single and then ...there's alice . and robin . lucy . meg . tom . david . new york city is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match be it a love connection a hook -up or something in the middle . and somewhere between the teasing texts and one -night stands what these unmarrieds all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever -evolving definitions of love . sleeping around in the city that never sleeps was never so much fun .
stepfather brad whitaker is hoping for his stepchildren to love him and treat him like a dad . all is going well until the biological father dusty mayron shows up then everything takes a toll . his stepchildren start putting him second and their father first and now dusty will have to learn what being a good dad is about and pains and struggles . brad will also experience once again what it 's like to be a stepdad .
sisters kate and maura ellis are summoned home to clean out their childhood bedroom before their parents sell the family house much to their dismay . looking to recapture their glory days they throw one final high -school-style party for their classmates which turns into the cathartic rager that a bunch a ground -down adults really need .
when po 's long -lost panda father suddenly reappears the reunited duo travels to a secret panda paradise to meet scores of hilarious new panda characters . but when the supernatural villain kai begins to sweep across china defeating all the kung fu masters po must do the impossible -learn to train a village full of his fun -loving clumsy brethren to become the ultimate band of kung fu pandas .
in a world replete with greed betrayal sexual intrigue and rivalry "marco polo " is based on the famed explorer 's adventures in kublai khan 's court in century mongolia .
carter (thomas jane ) a troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption by protecting a year -old girl from an assassin (laurence fishburne ) after she witnesses a murder . holding a shotgun ...
an account of the romance between the maratha general baji rao i and mastani a muslim princess .
ten years after their casino heist four escaped convicts trace their former partner to a desert town where he is now a lawman with no memory of his criminal past .
the five highly trained bennett sisters in georgian england must try to protect themselves from the growing zombie threat find suitable husbands for themselves battle marriage proposals and unlikely suitors and save the country before it 's too late .
after unwittingly making off with a mysterious flash drive during the rescue of his young niece from a powerful drug cartel colton macready is thrust into a relentless fight to save his family as the cartel descends upon his sister 's home in search of it and their own brand of south -of-the-border justice . in tow is a corrupt local sheriff and his crew of deputies ensuring that help won 't be coming any time soon . what ensues is a non -stop assault a blow -by-blow survival marathon for colton to protect his loved ones and save his own life while keeping the drive from falling back into the wrong hands .
a modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in century london .
filmed over a -year period making a murderer is an unprecedented real -life thriller about steven avery a dna exoneree who while in the midst of exposing corruption in local law enforcement finds himself the prime suspect in a grisly new crime . set in america 's heartland the series takes viewers inside a high -stakes criminal case where reputation is everything and things are never as they appear .
in south korea actor choi eun -hee and her ex -husband film director shin sang -ok were divorced estranged and both struggling with stalled careers . unfortunately both their lives seemed changed forever when they were individually kidnapped in by their biggest fan kim jong -il despot of north korea . with persuasion and brute force the movie obsessed kim planned to use them to develop the hermit kingdom 's film industry and get it out of its mindless propaganda mentality . through the words of choi their family associates and us intelligence personnel you will follow the bizarre slavery of this couple even as they rediscover their love and secretly gather evidence of the dictator 's crimes . all they while they struggle to play along with the world 's most dangerous film geek as they desperately plan for their escape .
an american nanny is shocked that her new english family 's boy is actually a life -sized doll . after she violates a list of strict rules disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive .
lou clark knows lots of things . she knows how many footsteps there are between the bus stop and home . she knows she likes working in the buttered bun tea shop and she knows she might not love her boyfriend patrick . what lou doesn 't know is she 's about to lose her job or that knowing what 's coming is what keeps her sane . will traynor knows his motorcycle accident took away his desire to live . he knows everything feels very small and rather joyless now and he knows exactly how he 's going to put a stop to that . what will doesn 't know is that lou is about to burst into his world in a riot of color . and neither of them knows they 're going to change each other for all time .
four sommeliers attempt to pass the prestigious master sommelier exam a test with one of the lowest pass rates in the world .
an exploration of the life and music of miles davis .
after getting in a car accident a woman is held in a shelter with two men who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack .
after the british prime minister has passed away under mysterious circumstances all leaders of the western world must attend his funeral . but what starts out as the most protected event on earth turns into a deadly plot to kill the world 's most powerful leaders and unleash a terrifying vision of the future . the president of the united states his formidable secret service head and a british mi agent who trusts no one are the only people that have any hope of stopping it .
from the largest elephant to the smallest shrew the city of zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive . when judy hopps becomes the first rabbit to join the police force she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law . determined to prove herself judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case . unfortunately that means working with nick wilde a wily fox who makes her job even harder .
's top assassin (mark strong ) has a brother . unfortunately for him he 's a football hooligan (sacha baron cohen ) from the town of grimsby . nobby has everything a man from the poor english fishing town of grimsby could want - children and the most attractive girlfriend in northern england (rebel wilson ). there 's only one thing missing in his life : his little brother sebastian . after they were adopted by different families as children nobby spent years searching for him . upon hearing of his location nobby sets off to reunite with his brother unaware that not only is his brother an agent but he 's just uncovered a plot that puts the world in danger . on the run and wrongfully accused sebastian realizes that if he is going to save the world he will need the help of its biggest idiot .
a documentary looking at michael jackson 's thriller - the best selling album of all time .
a group of people are trapped in a large movie theater in west berlin that is infected by ravenous demons who proceed to kill and posses the humans one -by-one thereby multiplying their numbers .
a woman living in a large country home drives her servants to mutiny with her outrageous demands as she waits for death to come for her .
the sixteen year -old aspiring model jesse arrives in los angeles expecting to be a successful model . the aspirant photographer dean takes photos for her portfolio and dates her . jesse befriends the lesbian makeup artist ruby and then the envious models gigi and sarah in a party . meanwhile the agency considers jesse beautiful with a "thing" that makes her different and she is sent to the professional photographer jack . jesse attracts he attention of the industry and has a successful beginning of career . but ruby gigi and sarah are capable to do anything to get her "thing".
hello ... is a tale about the events that happen one night at a call center . told through the views of the protagonist shyam it is a story of almost lost love thwarted ambitions absence of family affection pressures of a patriarchal set up and the work environment of a globalized office . shyam is losing his girl friend because his career is going nowhere as he trudges his way around in a call center . his girl friend priyanka is also an agent like him at the call center who is about to be snatched by an nri technogeek . there is also the aspiring model esha who is hoping for the break that seems to be always already eluding her and the man about town vroom who is into well things . the housewife radhika who is constantly at the receiving end of her mother -in-law and a beleaguered grandfather military uncle who has been barred from interacting with his grandchild make up the rest of the call agents who see their worlds crumbling around them as the decisions of right sizing are conveyed by bakshi the boss . it is a night when dreams will finally crumble . or will it ? for there is that call from god . narrated as a tale within a tale as a beautiful woman meets the auteur narrator and promises him a story on the condition that he has to narrate it further hello based on chetan bhagat 's one night @ the call center is the one remarkable story from tales from a thousand and one globalizing urban indian nights .
violence is a fact of everyday life in colombia where the drug cartels have kept the country in an armed conflict for decades and where almost all families have lost a loved one .
rell 's life is changed forever when a cute kitten comes to his door and he names it keanu . unfortunately one weekend later keanu is abducted by persons unknown . now rell and his cousin clarence are men on a mission to find keanu against the odds . unfortunately those odds prove to be perilously high as they find keanu in the care of the ruthless gangster cheddar and he will only part with him for a price . now for that cute kitten these two middle class bumblers find themselves neck deep in a dangerous alien world of drugs and gang violence with only their desperate audacity creativity and sheer dumb luck giving them a chance to survive .
back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age a sloth named sid a woolly mammoth named manny and a saber -toothed tiger named diego are forced to become unlikely heroes . the three reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age .
a boy growing up in dublin during the escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes .
eric and fellow warrior sara raised as members of ice queen freya 's army try to conceal their forbidden love as they fight to survive the wicked intentions of both freya and her sister ravenna .
mac (seth rogen ) and kelly (rose byrne ) are ready to make the final move into adulthood . but just as they thought they have reclaimed the neighborhood they learn that their new neighbors are even more out of control than the last . to evict them they will need help from their ex neighbor (zac efron ).
a deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears at her window .
financial tv host lee gates and his producer patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio .
dory is a wide -eyed blue tang fish who suffers from memory loss every seconds or so . the one thing she can remember is that she somehow became separated from her parents as a child . with help from her friends nemo and marlin dory embarks on an epic adventure to find them . her journey brings her to the marine life institute a conservatory that houses diverse ocean species . dory now knows that her family reunion will only happen if she can save mom and dad from captivity .
a man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife 's killer .
follows the lives of different mothers on mothers day . sandy (aniston) is happily divorced until she finds out her ex -husband eloped with a much younger woman . now she must learn to deal with big changes in her life as her two boys now have a step -mom. sisters jesse (hudson) and gabi (chalke) get an unexpected surprise from their mother who is not happy to find out gabi is a lesbian and jesse is married to a man of color . miranda (roberts) doesn 't have any kids and is focusing on her career . kristin (robertson) is enjoying life as a new mother but is feeling pressure from her boyfriend to get married . bradley (sudeikis) is trying hard to be the best parent for his two girls since their mom passed away last year however his idea of mothers day is pretending it doesn 't exist at all .
set against the backdrop of los angeles the nice guys opens when single father and licensed pi holland march (gosling) is hired to investigate the apparent suicide of famous porn star misty mountains . as the trail leads him to track down a girl named amelia (qualley) he encounters less licensed and less hands -off private eye jackson healey (russell crowe ) and his brass knuckles both hired by the young hippie . however the situation takes a turn for the worse when amelia vanishes and it becomes apparent that march wasn 't the only party interested . as both men are forced to team up they 'll have to take on a world filled with eccentric goons strippers dressed as mermaids and even a possible government conspiracy .
comedy 's chosen one daniel tosh has been healing the sick stopping wars helping underprivileged children ... and filming completely serious the single greatest hour in comedy . what have you been doing ? the torch has been passed and stand -up's newest superstar will try not to drop it !
in the taut thriller the shallows when nancy (blake lively ) is surfing on a secluded beach she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark . though she is stranded only yards from shore survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills requiring all of nancy 's ingenuity resourcefulness and fortitude .
korea in the period of japanese occupation a new girl (sookee) is hired as a handmaiden to a japanese heiress (hideko) who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering uncle (kouzuki). but the maid has a secret . she is a pickpocket recruited by a swindler posing as a japanese count to help him seduce the lady to elope with him rob her of her fortune and lock her up in a madhouse . the plan seems to proceed according to plan until sookee and hideko discover some unexpected emotions .
set in a near future technology -reliant society is creating killing machines . against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered in to a remote off -the-grid island training facility to test the capabilities of the latest prototypes . they set up positions and make short work of the ai targets in the killing field . however overnight their sentry goes missing and when they find the corpse the next day they find themselves in the killing field and the tables have turned . the marines fight to survive on an island is overrun by an enemy intelligence far beyond their predecessors which learns from their every move .
the four horsemen resurface and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet .
an unlabelled crate from an unknown source is delivered to a house in the woods . the homeowner unwisely accepts the delivery only to discover it contains a tv set that starts spewing giggling zombies all over the place . when a new family moves into the now -abandoned house the son discovers the haunted televsion and is soon told what he needs to do to send the zombies back where they belong . knowing and doing however are two very different things and the zombies are not likely to go quietly .
darkness has settled over new york city as shredder and his evil foot clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians . the future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as teenage mutant ninja turtles . the turtles must work with fearless reporter april o 'neil and her cameraman vern fenwick to save the city and unravel shredder 's diabolical plan .
a teenage girl 's life gets turned upside down when a new school friend turns out to be a pop star .
in paranormal investigators ed and lorraine warren travel to london england where single mother peggy hodgson believes that something evil is in her home . when peggy 's youngest daughter starts showing signs of demonic possession ed and lorraine attempt to help the besieged girl only to find themselves targeted by the malicious spirits .
an american astronaut prepares for a mission to mars .
peter venkman ray stantz and egon work at the university where they delve into the paranormal and fiddle with many unethical experiments on the students . as they are kicked out of the university do they really understand their knowledge of the paranormal and go into business for themselves . under the new snazzy business name of 'ghostbusters' and living in the old firehouse building they work out of they are called to rid new york city of paranormal phenomenon at everyone 's whim .... for a price . they make national press as the media thinks and pressures everybody the ghostbusters are the cause of it all . thrown in jail by the epa the mayor takes a chance and calls on them to help save the city . unbeknownst to all a long dead gozer worshiper (evo shandor ) erected downtown apartment building is the cause of all the paranormal activity . they find out the building could resurrect the ancient hittite god gozer and bring an end to all of humanity . who are you gonna call to stop this terrible world -ending menace ?
calvin joyner was voted in high school the guy most likely to succeed . years later he 's an accountant . as his high school reunion approaches he tries to make contact with his old schoolmates . and someone named bob stone contacts him . he says that he was known as robbie weirdicht in school . calvin remembers that he was picked on as a matter of fact after an extremely nasty prank he left school . they agree to meet and calvin is surprised by how much he has changed . bob asks calvin to help him out . he says yes and the next thing he knows some men burst into his home . they 're cia the one in charge is looking for stone she says he 's a rogue agent . when they can 't find bob they leave . later he approaches calvin telling him he is not a rogue agent he 's trying to find a person known as the black badger who is planning to sell some information that in the wrong hands can be disastrous . so he needs calvin 's help to stop him . calvin 's not sure whom he should believe .
jason bourne is again being hunted by the cia . it begins when nicky parson a former cia operative who helped bourne who then went under and now works with a man who 's a whistle blower and is out to expose the cia 's black ops . so nicky hacks into the cia and downloads everything on all their black ops including treadstone which bourne was a part of . and heather lee a cia agent discovers the hack and brings it to the attention of cia director dewey the man behind the black ops . he then orders parsons be found and hopefully bourne too .
the maid 's room is a psychological thriller that explores the complex relationships between truth and justice hubris and power wealth and fear .
john clayton following his parents ' death in africa would be raised by an ape and would be known by the name tarzan would leave africa and go to his parents 's home in england along with woman he fell in love with and married jane porter . he would be asked by belgian king leopold to go to africa to see what he has done there to help the country . initially he refuses . but an american george washington williams wants him to accept so he can accompany him . he says that leopold might be committing all sorts of atrocities to achieve his goal like slavery . he needs to prove it . clayton agrees and his wife insists that she accompany him because she misses africa . they go and when they arrive a man named rom who works for leopold attacks the village they are at and captures tarzan and jane . with washington 's help he escapes and sets out to rescue jane by going across the jungle and washington joins him despite being told that he might not make it . .
in an america wracked by crime and overcrowded prisons the government has sanctioned an annual -hour period in which any and all criminal activity -including murder -becomes legal . the police can 't be called . hospitals suspend help . it 's one night when the citizenry regulates itself without thought of punishment . on this night plagued by violence and an epidemic of crime one family wrestles with the decision of who they will become when a stranger comes knocking . when an intruder breaks into james sandin 's (ethan hawke ) gated community during the yearly lockdown he begins a sequence of events that threatens to tear a family apart . now it is up to james his wife mary (lena headey ) and their kids to make it through the night without turning into the monsters from whom they hide .
an intelligent but feral girl 's boyfriend leaves unexpectedly causing her to search for him at his estranged mother 's home . the two women begin to bond finding supportive friendship in each other 's troubled lives changing their outlook forever .
a mother bird tries to teach her little one how to find food by herself . in the process she encounters a traumatic experience that she must overcome in order to survive .
'nerve' is about an online dare game in which people give participants anonymous dares for money . the participants compete with each other to win the grand prize as the dares get tougher . things get worse when the tasks get increasingly dangerous and lives are at stake .
christian karl gerhartsreiter lived a life of deception and crime before settling on his ultimate scam - impersonating a rockefeller . how was g . able to dupe so many people from so many walks of life - from the very cream of society ? we followed the trail left by g . and collected the reflections of people close to him and who thought of him as a friend - who were left in the wake of his roller coaster journey from a bavarian village to the most exclusive clubs on the american east coast - to the grand finale setting in a los angeles court room where a jury found him guilty of murder .
a computer generated the screenplay for this short science fiction film .
while facing the stress of his play being produced on broadway a playwright deals with having to raise his son his stepdaughters and his stepsons .
a divorced father and his ex -con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family 's ranch in west texas .
the magical kingdom of lucis is home to the hallowed crystal but the menacing empire of niflheim will stop at nothing to make it theirs . war has raged between the two for as long as most can remember . king regis of lucis commands an elite force of soldiers dubbed the kingsglaive . wielding their king 's magic nyx ulric and his fellow glaives stand before the crown city of insomnia fighting to stay the inexorable advance of niflheim 's imperial army . before the overwhelming military might of the empire king regis can only salvage his kingdom by accepting an ultimatum -he must cede all lands outside the crown city and see his son prince noctis wed to lady lunafreya the former princess of tenebrae now captive of niflheim . as the war of wills rages the machinations of niflheim transform insomnia into an awe -inspiring battleground pulling nyx into a struggle for the very survival of the kingdom .
a busy attorney worried that his anorexic daughter olga might try to harm herself since she 's still grieving over her recently deceased mother sends her to see a psychiatrist anna who 's dealing with her own loss in an unusual way .
it 's been five years since the last sharknado that devastated washington d .c. and the world is benefiting from this hard -earned peace . aston reynolds ' tech company astro -x with their revolutionary atmosphere stabilizers called astro -pods managed to eradicate all possible sharknado formations before they could get the chance to grow in magnitude . fin is heading to vegas for a family reunion some fun and relaxation but before long menacing clouds are forming once again and a brand new sharknado is at hand .
a man must cope with the loss of his wife and the obsolescence of his job before finding redemption by becoming a role model to an equally lost -year-old.
in a small town where everyone knows everyone a peculiar incident starts a chain of events that leads to the disappearance of a child - which begins to tear at the fabric of an otherwise peaceful community . dark government agencies and seemingly malevolent supernatural forces converge on the town while a few locals begin to understand that there 's more going on than meets the eye .
in a decorated naval officer is accused of murdering his wife 's lover .
in bc sarman is a farmer in amri and wants to trade in mohenjo daro to .durjansarman 's uncle protests against it but cant stop sarman going mohenjo daro durjan tells him to be careful as the city is harsh and selfish .sarman reaches mohenjo daro and feels that somehow the place is connected to himthe city is ruled by evil maham and his son moonjasarman saves chaani from being stamped by horses and they both start liking each otherbut chaani is about to marry moonja on their wedding day a major fight happens between sarman and moonjamaham challenges sarman to take up a fight against bakar -zokharsarman proposes maham that if he wins chaani should be his will sarman win chaani and what is sarman 's connection with mohenjo daro .
an unknown accident occurs in tokyo bay 's aqua line which causes an emergency cabinet to assemble . all of the sudden a giant creature immediately appears destroying town after town with its landing reaching the capital . this mysterious giant monster is named "godzilla".
follow the cartoon adventures of the greatest of the rock bands as the fab four get themselves into the strangest situations that always end with one of their songs being played . in addition the band also features sing along segments that have simpler animation as the lyrics are displayed on screen .
chivo a singer who works in a movie theater providing live entertainment is and apprehended by a music -loving mexican bandit braganza who wants to make chivo part of his band . braganza who admires american gangsters also kidnaps jane and her rich boyfriend bill . to become more like the american movie gangsters he admires .
intimate personalized portrait of women of the through the eyes of one colorful class that graduated in - same year as hillary clinton - and recently turned starting to explore the new old age . at a time when these boomers ' parents were asking less of themselves many of these distinguished citizens are asking more feeling a third wind . where will it take them ? some are determined to keep making waves . the trigger for these revelations /reminiscences is the class 's yearbook . each photo was a collaboration with a sexy turkish artist is full of the spirit of risk rebelliousness creativity . indeed this yearbook wasn 't a book at all . the portraits came to each alumna loose leaf in a box . hence our metaphoric title : unboxed !
