Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard .
Two men working on a machine wearing hard hats .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A man on a ladder cleans the window of a tall building .
Two men in a kitchen cooking food on a stove .
A man is fixing the guitar players costume .
A man completes the finishing touches on a stuffed lion .
A young adult wearing rollerblades , holding a cellular phone to her ear .
A young woman walks past two young people dressed in hip black outfits .
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
Five girls are leaping simultaneously in a dance practice room .
Four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase .
Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road .
A man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor .
A group of women are standing in front of a bus .
A woman wearing glasses sprinkles powdered sugar onto her bundt cake .
There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
People gathered in a circle , some holding musical instruments .
Four women in a living room , three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument .
A man in a gray coat is standing on a washed out bridge .
A group of people are walking through a city street .
A man with a black shirt giving another man a tattoo .
Two children sitting on a teeter totter .
A man in bright vest and hard hat holds a flag on a street corner covered in spray paint
A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A person with gray hair is painting in a public place surrounded by others who are also painting .
Janitor pushing dolly outside with janitor tools .
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
A teen holding an unknown object for photographers .
A young man holding a pole vault looks determined .
a man is posing next to a urinal with a cup of coffee .
Four people walking with the sun setting behind them .
A man is sitting at a table with a beer .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A security man with his watch dog is looking for something .
A boy in the snow riding his bike down the street .
Five men in white short-sleeved shirts and ties stand in a parking lot .
A man in a white shirt and black camp among many machines .
A woman is sorting white tall candles as a man in a green shirt stands behind her .
A man in a white and blue kimono is using a broom to sweep pavement .
A man on a bicycle watching a row of cars waiting to go through a checkpoint .
Two young toddlers outside on the grass .
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle .
A person riding in a futuristic single-person vehicle .
A recently married couple pose for the camera .
A young boy plays with a GameCube kiosk at McDonald 's .
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
A group of people are having a picnic at the park .
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman .
A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables .
A girl kicking a stick that a man is holding in tae kwon do class .
A boy jumps over three other students in a martial arts demonstration .
A young boy empties a bottle over the railing of a balcony unto the man below .
A man in a red jacket shades the sun from his eyes on a busy street .
Two men are out for a stroll with their two young children .
A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him .
A large black dog leaps a fallen log .
A man in a suit is running past two other gentleman , also dressed in a suit .
A man in red on a bicycle rides past a glass structure .
A young man in sunglasses holds a blue cup next to a grill with sausages .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
People stop and look at an older woman outside .
A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow .
A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
A gymnast performing on the balance beam in front of an audience .
a boy pushing a red toy atv next to a pool
A group of people are standing on a pile of wool in a truck .
Woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below .
A man wearing a black jacket is walking towards the street .
A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
A man is sitting on a pink cart with a little girl in the grocery store .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth .
Man sitting at a table at a restaurant with a glass of water .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
Two hikers resting by a patch of snow .
A middle-aged man with a white beard and glasses holds up a small , wooden handmade cabinet .
Two men sit on the floor with camping equipment .
A man wearing a baseball cap is sitting in a car looking at a map .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
There are a lot of bikes parked under the curved roof tonight .
The black dog runs through the water .
A person standing on a frozen lake .
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice .
Two men and a woman are walking through a field .
A man shoveling snow off the roads and sidewalks in a city .
A bride and groom smile as they view their wedding cake at the reception .
Five people wearing winter clothing , helmets , and ski goggles stand outside in the snow .
A black dog carrying something through the grass .
People lay out vegetables on blankets at a street market .
A man wearing a yellow t-shirt is shouting into a microphone while an audience is listening .
This person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition , with people watching in the background .
A man and child kayak through gentle waters .
A woman in a dark dress smiles while a woman across from her and a child sit in chairs .
Two men in orange vests work in road construction .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
Two men sitting on a bench talking , with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background .
A man sleeping in a green room on a couch .
A boy with headphones on sitting on top of a woman 's shoulders .
Oriental people with rainbow flags walking down a city street .
Three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt , on stage singing a song .
Four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building .
A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
The little boy looks like he is saying , let me out of jail .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
A man stands in front of a very tall building .
A woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park .
A man in a red shirt is sitting by fruit for sale .
Two children are sitting at a table eating food .
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
A man on stage playing the electric guitar during a concert .
A young girl is playing baseball and is striking out .
A man wearing a red life-vest is sitting in a canoe on a body of water .
A rock artist performs on stage with an electric guitar .
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap is applying filler to a trench in the floor .
A young woman sits at a dinner table with two entrees and a martini .
A lady laid her bicycle on the green lawn as she lies in a red blanket .
One person is standing on a bridge at night .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
A toddler is walking in on a grassy knoll .
A man grilling vegetables on a patio with his dog .
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains .
This shows a group of people walking over an arched red bridge .
A boy in a green shirt is looking down at many inflatable boats .
An old man is telling two girls something .
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors , man in background watches .
Gray-haired man in dress shirt plays the bassoon while reading sheet music from a stand
The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A very bus street is shown with Asian people all around walking and riding bicycles .
A construction site with building material .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
White man with glasses sitting next to another man who has earphones in .
A girl with numerous bags walks on a crosswalk along with other people .
A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
Six people are sitting at a table eating food .
A woman with flowers in her hair balances a large bowl of fruit on her head .
A man in a whole next to a septic tank .
An African American child is supported by his three peers while riding his bicycle .
Two individuals , a male and a female , standing in a forested area around a tub .
A sleeping baby in a pink striped outfit .
A member of an African tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress .
A guy with a sword and traditional fighting gear is getting ready for a fight .
A group of people sit on a wall at the beach .
Hikers treks upward through the creek bed , stopping to catch their breath and enjoy the cool , green scenery .
A white-haired man in a suit stands in an empty room .
Two Indian women in saris are bending over a wet street .
A little girl is looking at some plants while another is on the phone in the background .
A child in a dress runs through the yard with a miniature orange soccer ball in her hand .
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos .
A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches .
A young boy and a young girl sitting in the grass laughing .
A man shaking the hand of a teenager sitting on a bench .
A mass transit person making an announcement .
A woman paddles a boat down a river .
A young girl in pigtails plays in the water .
A woman in a red jacket , with a blue and gold handbag is jumping while smiling on a cobblestone street .
A man and woman seated at a table together .
A well lit room , with three glasses on the table and two plates .
Four children are having a pillow fight .
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam .
A child has fun with a blender in the kitchen .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
2 girls in metal chairs are laughing together .
People jogging together on a park sidewalk .
Two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
A child jumps off a high diving board into the pool .
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
A light-colored dog runs on the beach .
A guy in a huge wooden tub while people are looking over .
A person laying on a street bench under a blue plaid blanket .
Two young girl are playing near a small tree , and one has climbed up into the branches .
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car .
A woman in a red shirt is under a blanket and sleeping in a vehicle .
A man in a home kitchen is flipping a pancake extremely high .
Several firefighters are responding to an alarm .
Firefighters at a scene with a firetruck that has it 's lights on .
People are doing various activities on the beach .
Construction workers in front of blue wall with warning stripe .
A newsstand clerk is surrounded by her colorful merchandise .
A man in blue overalls and a yellow hard hat is watching a huge machine work .
An all yellow photo of two men sitting in a bakery .
Five people sitting in front of a body of water with the sun behind them .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
a person on ski 's looks from hill over snow covered landscape
A group of boys are riding their bikes around a big pile of dirt .
Group of bicyclers rounding a corner with water spraying up from their wheels .
3 young boys are riding their bikes around a mound of dirt .
A man holds up an older man as the older man bends down to check out plants .
A surgeon and surgical staff operating on a patient .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .
The two large dogs are running through sand .
A man is bowling at an alley with cosmic imagery including bowling balls and pins above the lanes .
A man wearing black is riding a white horse with numerous rocks around him .
A man and woman are taking a nap on a couch .
A man and woman talking are interrupted and a man covers his face .
A dog is jumping to catch a object thrown at it .
A boy playing for the Giants baseball team swinging at a baseball .
An Asian man is throwing a javelin in a yellow shirt .
A group of hot air balloons lit up at night .
A man sits at a desk in room cluttered with books .
Fuzzy photo of two girls reading a magazine .
At night , two men in glasses crouch near some plants .
An Asian couple walks in the shopping district .
A child with a helmet on his head rides a bike .
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
a man playing with two black dogs on the beach
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean .
Many people in bathing suits on a boat and on inflatable rafts .
A young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat .
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air .
A rickety old truck , stuffed to overflowing with men , is traveling down a country road on the left hand side .
Two chefs prepare burgers in a restaurant kitchen .
Two young boys look up at the camera as one sticks out his tongue .
A man is wearing brown pants and boots , while welding .
A mother and her young song enjoying a beautiful day outside .
A woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below .
Four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
Two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow .
A girl holding a horse 's lead behind a fire .
Workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car .
Two men working on a yellow Volkswagen beetle .
A short , brown hair girl is assembling a pink roof cover .
Employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen .
A large skinny dog stands near two smaller dogs in the dirt .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
Men wearing orange vests working on a railroad .
A woman with an orange and gray shirt is fixing something .
A woman is carefully applying mascara to her eyelashes .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
The girl is in a harness , climbing rocks .
Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk .
A helicopter on a clear day taking off .
A man in a reflective jacket positions himself on scaffolding .
A large group of people mingling in a room with a tile floor .
Two young kids are playing in the water on an inflated toy .
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
An elderly woman is cooking dinner in a frying pan .
A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods .
Two people are on a snow-covered mountain .
man sitting using tool at a table in his home .
A brown dog running next to grass .
A woman is sitting on the steps in front of a large black door , writing in a notebook .
People are crossing a city street intersection .
A woman in lavender with short brown hair is sitting in a large chair .
A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
Six west Asian youth play cricket on a dirt pitch .
A woman in a green tank top is surrounded by three children , laughing .
A young man and a toddler look under the hood of an old-fashioned truck .
A woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the winter time .
Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman .
a smiling woman in a peach tank top stands holding a mountain bike
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
A woman stands next to a chalk drawing in front of a barn-like structure .
A man sitting on the ground is playfully kicked by a young woman , while a man in the back observes .
Many young dark complected children raising their arms in the air in excitement .
A shirtless man leaps into the water as other people watch .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
Woman meticulously working with a sewing machine .
A woman wearing a white t-shirt has her right arm extended with her fist closed .
A girl working at a farm market selling peppers .
An elderly women is sitting in a chair with a cane in her hand .
One young boy is sitting outside on a cool day blowing bubbles .
a boy plays in the fountains .
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
Two dogs are running in a field .
Two men stand behind a grill near the ocean .
A girl in a swimsuit is jumping high , near water .
The little girl in the blue bathing suit is posing at the beach .
A young Asian boy sits on a railing behind a row of colorful hats
A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray .
A redheaded boy swimming underwater .
A little boy in a plaid shirt looks up as he lays on a blue sofa
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
The little girl is walking a beam in gymnastics class .
A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
Two people having a discussion sitting in a restaurant .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride .
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .
A person helping to set up chairs for a big event .
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting .
A small girl in a dress blows bubbles in a grassy field .
three people on four wheel ATV 's in a field .
A four wheeler jumping in an empty field .
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building .
A young woman , sitting in the sand , has her eyes closed .
A man 's hand is shown helping a spatula to flip a pancake from a square frying pan in a messy kitchen .
Three young children stand around a blue and white barrel .
A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain .
Two sisters hugging while visiting a Farm and looking into the camera .
Two men in orange and blue safety gear stand on the dock guiding a boat inward .
A bald man in flip-flops sits on a green bench and talks on a cellphone .
a man on stage singing into a microphone .
Three young men are riding an elephant , sitting in what 's called a howdah .
A man crouches under a truck hood 's shade to fix it .
Two kids , one wearing glasses and a headlamp , are smiling .
A woman sells flowers and incense at the market .
A group of people gather and holding different types of flags .
crying baby in a blue shirt and white pants .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
A boy walks with a soccer ball near a fence .
A woman is watching as a guy is scooping ice cream from a freezer .
People sit down on stools to enjoy a quick bite to eat .
A parade of people walk the street carrying the American flag .
An artist paints clouds onto a canvas .
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill .
A little girl with a jean jacket on is running and laughing .
A man in a blue button-up is standing in a room , holding his glasses .
Two people , a balding man and a woman , are kissing on an escalator .
The green team lifts a player up in victory after a hard game , but will the red team interfere ?
Men are constructing a wall in the desert .
Five young women sitting on a green bench wearing headbands with feathers in them .
A woman posing for a picture while shopping .
A woman in a hat waits to be served at a store .
A man in a black jacket is selling lottery tickets in the sidewalk .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
Girl with rosy cheeks and lips holding black toy gun .
A woman in a red shirt playing the cello .
A woman wearing a red beaded necklace sits on a wooden deck while reading .
A musician is posing while playing an odd-shaped guitar .
An ice hockey goalie is trying to protect the net from players scoring a goal .
A man in a light green suit is operating machinery in a factory .
An adult and child walking along the beach on the sand .
A man in a red apron wearing a baseball cap is sitting on a step .
A black and white Border Collie catches a Frisbee in front of an audience .
Two male tennis players conversing across the net on an outdoor court
A male and female fire performer , work their craft in front of an audience .
Two young children are walking through a wooded area .
A baby is stacking rocks on the beach .
A lady and a boy who is having ice cream are sitting together .
A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch .
An older person and a small boy play in the sand near the water .
a boy underwater with someone helping him to swim
Three oriental men are riding on a red moped scooter in the city with many people .
Two ladies and a man playing a card game and drinking beer .
A group of people wearing warm clothes are having a party outside .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A man climbing the side of a cliff .
A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock .
A child playing with a fountain at the beach .
A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach .
A restaurant filled with chairs and consumers .
A girl in red short and a white T-shirt underground looking out of a hole .
A black and white bird eating seeds out of someone 's hand
A game of tennis is shown with one of the female players about to hit the ball .
A dog running fast in the sand .
A man is standing on top of a tall building that overlooks the city .
There is a man in black standing near vehicles and a camper , setting up video equipment .
A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean .
Several people walking across a bridge in both directions .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
A jogger passes under an outstretched tree branch .
A man is raised up on his hands on a blue platform .
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
A girl in a pink swimsuit in a pool
A bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope .
A man and a child stand next to a blue and black tube .
A little girl standing on her head .
Men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs .
A man in a yellow vest and jeans is caulking a sidewalk .
Two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street .
A man with his surfboard stands in the sand .
A man wearing a yellow hat and orange shirt with palm trees around .
Behind the fence spectators are looking at the golfer with the club in his hand .
A girl in a white outfit with a yellow belt is holding a trophy .
Man and two children swimming in the lake .
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A woman in red cuts a burger in half with a spatula .
A boy in a white shirt walks in the ocean .
A man wearing a red tie standing in front of a statue .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
man in white shirt staring out at the water .
A man in an olive colored coat is standing in a jewelry store .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
People gathered at the steps of a church-like architecture .
Some children are playing football with a seacoast in the background .
A woman dancing on the beach , with the ocean in the background .
Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools .
A group of people standing in front of a hut in a parking lot .
A mother and her two daughters having a happy moment .
An asian man carrying a suitcase while talking on the phone and walking quickly .
A trendy woman walks with her coffee past theaters at a large shopping complex .
A young boy with a shaved head holds a chicken under his left arm .
A young woman is making rugs in the rain forest
A man and a woman sitting on a sea wall looking out on the water .
Both dogs retrieve the play toy from the water .
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
A boy wearing a rugby shirt standing next to a body of water .
A younger boy is wearing a striped scarf and stocking cap .
A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball .
Two brown dogs running through water .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
A girl blowing bubbles in the swimming pool .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
Little boy in a striped shirt and brown shorts is running .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing .
Someone working on a project using a jigsaw cutting machine .
A women 's roller derby team taking a break .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
A young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way .
A boy in a gray hoodie holds up a chainsaw .
A shadowy figure watches a shirtless man ride past on a chopper .
A line of people wait to enter a building with a sign posted " Welcome Bikers . "
A man is happily laying bricks .
A woman has her arm around a child as the child is eating
On a sunny day , a small crowd wait for the railroad on the platform .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
People are walking around in a brightly-lit indoor shopping center .
A woman in a green shirt is working on a horse 's hoof .
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
Cheerleaders in red and white uniforms cheering in the street .
A man in a brown shirt prepares to close the door .
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
A boy with dreds in his hair and wearing a kilt sitting in a chair .
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman in a white shirt on the cheek .
A man is making a " rock " gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar .
A happy couple cuddling up for a nice photo .
Two children move along a gravel path surrounded by trees .
A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch .
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume .
A woman is riding her bicycle in traffic
A young girl in a dress is looking at her reflection in a river bed .
A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street .
A young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store .
Two travelers at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car .
A boy standing in front of a red box car , is taking a photo .
A man in shorts is jogging along a street with a headset .
People wearing costumes standing in front of a large tree .
A large group of people stand outside of a church .
A group of people standing in a circle on plastic liner .
Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon .
A young girl with brown hair and glasses is kneeling near a bucket and fence .
The woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt , but her red corduroy pants give her away .
A young man cleaning a statue with a brush .
Two younger boys are standing in front of an older man in front of a large wooden cross .
A woman sits on someone 's shoulders while using a wire brush on a door frame .
Group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder .
A young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins .
Four men in white T-shirts , blue jeans , and hats talking .
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log .
An old man is talking to a group of people sitting on a bench .
Two men , one black , one white , are holding books and talking .
A skateboarder is does an " ollie " down a couple of stairs .
A man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river .
Numerous people sitting on the ground near a straw hut .
Black boy in sandals playing with a ball in the grass
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection .
A man stands on a scaffold his back facing away looking at a city .
Baby wears green frog big and makes grotesque face .
A shirtless man escorts a horse pulling a carriage along a paved road .
A guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
The young girl is swinging high above the ground on a nice summer day .
Man is orange hoodie doing a skateboard trick .
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it .
A man grills shish kabob on a small grill .
A man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
A man , wearing a short pink skirt , long striped socks , a pink tank top , and a hairnet , is juggling knives to the amusement of onlookers .
Doctors wearing green scrubs are performing surgery on a patient
A young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue pail and a bright green shovel on a sandy beach .
Girl running through the water near the shore .
Three men pose sitting in the shade on a hillside next to a backpack .
A man in a blue jacket and gray paints gardening in front of buildings .
a groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks .
White with black spots dog is being looked at by a man on the street .
A male mannequin dressed as a train conductor , standing on a black train car .
Two men and two women are preparing a large meal in the kitchen .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
A girl talking to a man holding various materials .
Three young boys fish on a man-made structure .
The woman is reading to a small boy about dinosaurs .
Two young girls are sitting at a table drinking and eating .
A baby boy in overalls is crying .
The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
An older person sits on the street to sell their bread .
A pilot in his uniform carrying luggage on his way to work .
People walking along a lake with houses in the distance .
A female swimmer swimming underwater with a nose clip and cap on her head .
Four men - one looking at a book - sit in front of laptops .
A man is sweeping a large blue surface that has " Rock Bowl " written on it .
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls .
A woman is doing flips on a trampoline in front of a lake .
Two people give a dog a bath outdoors in a blue container .
A child jumps into the water with his sneakers on .
A young child is sleeping on a man 's coat on the floor .
A elderly man in a straw hat is sitting on a bench .
Three small children On a blanket on the ground surrounded by people in wheelchairs .
A worker operates machinery on a cold day .
Three women walk through a plant covered atrium hallway .
people enjoying a sunny day at the beach
People are shopping outside surrounded by a metal fence .
ON a shantytown lined river , a man in a red shirt paddles a boat while standing .
Two girls with pots show off their cooking .
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder .
A blond girl in plaid shorts is driving a bearded man around the city in a bicycle taxi .
A young boy in a flowered apron is helping his mother cook .
A woman bringing a birthday cake to another woman with a glass of wine .
A young village girl is making a funny face while buying goods at a market .
Young man in hooded jacket sitting on snow in mountain area .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
A man in an orange vest works on fixing a train .
Workers in yellow safety vests plant a tree in a city walkway .
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
An older lady is sitting on a flower chair reading a book .
A five-person acrobatics troop performs a routine while spectators look on .
A blurry picture of a man in a blue shirt and hard hat .
Construction workers standing outside looking at wires above them .
A happy young boy sits in a chair with a large Elmo doll .
A boy is combing a baby 's hair with a brush .
A young man is performing gymnastics to impress a young woman .
A man fixes food in his dark kitchen .
Young man with a nose ring and a hat .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
Friends having fun playing in the water geyser .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A woman on the beach throwing a frisbee .
Two dogs running and playing rough in the grass .
A man with a blowtorch is doing repair work on a wall .
Several men dressed in white and red and building sand castles at the beach .
Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill .
A man in a white shirt and another man in a green pant walking .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
A man wearing glasses is blowing a bubble out of bubble gum in a house .
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree .
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
A man and two women wearing all black act out a scene in front of a building with steps .
Two young boys are squirting water at each other .
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
Group of people sitting in a circle , with a laptop in the middle
A man , woman and little girl standing on the beach in dress clothing .
lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
Children standing poolside are preparing to jump into the water .
A group of restaurant workers and a large copper bowl .
A child looking at camera and bird in background
A woman uses a drill while another man takes her picture .
Two kids being pushed in car shaped strollers in a parade .
Four men use hoses to pour water while in an austere environment .
Children sporting their Florida Dolphin caps .
An old man is sitting on a stoop while people walk towards him with groceries .
two white teenage girls are holding hands while jumping up into the air .
A woman with two kids walks towards a building .
A dog running in shrubbery along a stream .
Two woman are standing next to each other , one holding onto a bicycle .
A woman throwing a ball down a bowling alley .
Two soccer players , one in red , the other in white , racing towards a soccer ball .
A group of people dressed casually are walking in the woods .
Three young boys playing with a ball in the park .
A young male is kicking a multicolored ball .
A man is reading a small book .
A man is standing at the top of a ladder against a building .
Three construction workers dressed in bright orange are working on a road .
A group of people in red play the drums while a performer walks on stilts by the river .
A blond man shows off his freshly baked bread with a wide smile .
A small brown and black dog playing with a toy
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
A person in a plaid shirt reading a book and having a beverage .
A boy and a girl doing something in the woods .
A man in a blue t-shirt buying something at a deli .
Five small children are riding a ride that lifts them up and brings them down .
A woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something .
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works hard to clean up her table .
A boy wearing a blue shirt riding a gray horse on a gravel path through the green overgrown field .
Dog waits for food as an elder woman is cooking on the stove .
A woman with glasses uses a sewing machine .
Two men working with the computer within their apartment .
one tan dog jumping in a pool while the other gray dog is on the deck
A boy in a red shirt sledding down a sand dune .
A young woman and young man are walking arm and arm past a jewelry store .
Two workers toil in a smelting factory .
An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop .
People waiting outside a building next to a mural .
People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street .
A factory worker is wearing an orange hard hat while working .
A man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people .
A girl rides a unicycle as another rides a scooter next to her .
Skiers get caught on the dusty slopes and almost fall down and break their legs .
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant .
A man jumps off of a small stone bridge while three children and a woman watch him .
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock and reading .
A street performers plays guitar while a man dances and a couple watches .
Construction workers in front of a large building .
A woman in a yellow shirt is playing with a dragon puppet .
A line of people wait to be the first to own the new product .
A child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water .
A bride and a groom walk down a sidewalk with other guests surrounding them .
A woman sits at a picnic table eating with luggage .
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window .
A man and woman standing in front of a refreshment stand
A man climbs a flight of old wooden stairs on a building .
Three couples in white clothes and swim caps play piggyback .
A group of people are sitting on benches at a park with pigeons walking around .
An aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach .
A large group of people getting on a train .
The two children in the yellow seats are at a daycare .
Crowd at a park in India waiting for an event to start .
A man sitting , wearing a San Diego Padres hat plays on a keyboard .
A child is on a bench with arms stretched out .
A golfer wearing a striped red polo shirt and white pants watches his drive after swinging .
Two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall , which has a common sitting are on the other side .
Children wearing red , black , and white karate uniforms in a standing pose on a green mat .
A girl demonstrating how to use a staff , in front of a class of martial artists and spectators .
The students are practicing martial arts .
A woman in a black shirt sitting behind a booth with a sign that reads " Programmes & Ice Cream . "
Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
A cute baby is smiling at another child .
Martial arts students face off against each other in a gym .
Two people are sitting on a wall near a large display of cotton candy .
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
Men sitting in a stone room chipping away at rocks .
Two women in brightly colored tee-shirts and hats sit beside a black backpack on a stone bench beside a dusty trail .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
Two men with black rimmed glasses making faces and eating bread .
A man in a black and white shirt is touching his glasses and laughing .
People wander a surreal maze like sculpture .
A child performs a cartwheel on the street .
A man sits behind a bar with an old iMac on it .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
A man wearing yellow and white uses oars to row his red boat in the water .
A man wearing a hat is juggling three balls .
A man wearing a hat with blond dreadlocks holds juggling pins under a blue sky .
Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards .
Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
A man and a woman can prepare meals at camp together .
Three men walking down a road surrounded by a forest .
The four hikers walked up the gravel road .
A boat is towing a person in a bright green parachute .
Two black men are playing trumpets together in a city setting .
A group of climbers begin up a sheer rock face .
Two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile .
A bunch of kids dressed in brown dresses are dancing .
Two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods .
two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht
A baby is seated between two young boys on a seat .
A young boy stands waiting for a baseball to be thrown to him .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
A group of people walking through the snow near a bridge .
Two construction workers are patching up a hole in a street .
Several man are digging a hole in the street .
Three men wearing safety vests are repairing a street .
A man with red-hair working on his bicycle .
An Asian woman sits in front of a nude painting .
A child looking back on a fast moving swing .
Two men with a chainsaw fell trees in a leafless forest .
People are watching while a construction crew builds a bridge .
A man wearing a black jacket is playing guitar .
Group of people standing or sitting outside of a cafe .
A man with a guitar is sitting on a bench outside with three other people sitting by him .
A couple in a boat fishing on a small river .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
Four young boys are standing around a grill .
A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A man holds a hunting call for a woman to test while she leans out of a small boat .
A man adjusts the knobs on a large sound mixing board .
A woman and a man with a cellphone are looking at something in the distance .
Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass .
A man wearing a black cap , red and white checkered shirt at the park .
A man measuring a wall on a construction site .
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life .
Tennis player uses backhand in a match , possibly a doubles match .
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
A young woman standing on a window ledge of brick building while child looks on .
Two girls fight for the soccer ball while playing soccer on the grass .
A child in gray clothes is sleeping on a red cushion .
Displaying a big smile and a thumbs up this man is holding up a carriage .
A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
A construction vehicle on a hill of dirt .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat .
Two martial artists are demonstrating a hold using sticks .
Women watch while wearing brightly colored garments .
An elderly woman buying food from a market stand .
People walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog .
Two well-dressed , elderly ladies wearing extravagant hats .
The little girl is riding in a brown horse .
Four Asian women sitting on a bench while a man talks to them .
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans .
Three people stand outside around two grills where meat is being cooked .
A young woman running by an orange ribbon .
Two women , a man and a small child picnic on a busy beach .
Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup .
People sitting on benches in a public area .
A man looking at the camera with another man wearing a mask .
Three people are working on computers in a crowded office .
A child is jumping into a pool while a man is watching the child
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool .
Two women wearing emergency gear are standing in front of an ambulance .
A man with an apron is sculpting a masterpiece .
People having a barbecue by the beach .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
Two men barbecuing , one dropping something on the ground .
A closeup of a person walking across the street .
a crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing
Two dogs are playing together on green grass .
A woman is sitting on the sidewalk , sketching an image with chalk .
A green-shirted man with a butcher apron uses a knife to carve out the hanging carcass of a cow .
A man wearing a feathered hat is riding a gray horse .
Two men in a parking lot are carrying a giant beer bottle above their heads while a woman stands in front of them .
Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball .
A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field .
A lady with long hair is throwing a bowling ball down the lane .
Two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings , (presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums .
A thin brown horse standing and a small black horse sitting on sand .
A kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys .
A man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat .
a family posing for a picture in a pool during a swimming outing .
A man wearing a brown shoes and with a cardigan and glasses sits in a short stool .
A very unusually dressed man sitting beside an ice cream cooler .
A man with a beard and white bandannas is playing the guitar on the sidewalk .
A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess .
A small dog shakes its head on a white shag carpet .
The three girls in bathing suits are all smiles .
The young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park .
A group of standing moped riders look off into the distance .
The girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller .
A man with a cigarette talks to a woman with a cigarette .
An Asian city at night with a large number of people walking around .
A woman in blue and pink reaching out for a hug from the blond-haired boy
A middle-aged man in a white apron eating a meal .
A man with a mustache , sitting in a restaurant eating a meal .
Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers .
A man sitting on a cliff in the mountains .
a young girl in a yellow dress and no shoes dancing on the dugout at a baseball game .
Three children looking into the water on a wooded lakeside .
A young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera
Two adults hold a sign which says " Teaching Children for peace " .
Three men in tribal masks are sitting down with one another .
A man rides his dirt bike down a rocky trail .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
The young girl is kicking a blue and red soccer ball .
Black and brown dog growling at brown cat hiding under wooden bench .
There are six men mountain biking in a forest terrain .
Many people are standing and are watching something .
Two young women drink beer and play guitar in tent at outdoor event .
A man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee .
A little boy and girl riding their bikes down the sidewalk with training wheels on .
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle .
A shirtless man in a hat and tie is hammering metal on an anvil .
A woman wearing a scarf is playing an electric cello .
A man wearing yellow and another man ride down a body of water in a wooden boat .
A young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool .
A motorcycle racer in a red jumpsuit and helmet rides up a dirt hill .
A woman wearing glasses helps a small boy drink out of her cup .
Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf .
three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter .
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge in a crowded plaza .
Two off road bikers stopped in a creek .
Two girls , one in overalls , holding on to a fence with water behind them .
A boy has his head down and is wearing a shirt that says ADHD .
A wrecked sport utility vehicle is loaded to be towed by another truck .
Man and woman employed by Mongolian Barbecue stand at counter .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
Three children playing in the wake of the ocean .
a green John Deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer .
Two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing .
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
two people do jumping jacks on the beach
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
A man with a clipboard talks to a group of men in a field .
Two kids playing in a fountain at a water park .
A yelling child plays on blue monkey bars .
The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .
A person waits inside a red compact car .
A woman with a handbag is sitting on a wooden bench .
A guy with a laptop connected to a microscope doing some research .
A man wearing a beanie painting a realistic portrait of a building .
Woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog .
A man rides on his bike with one hand and holds a drink with the other .
A man in a blue collared shirt plays an instrument and sings .
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .
A baby in pigtails tries to climb out of their playpen .
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand .
A little boy climbs a tire structure on a playground .
A man in a red jacket looking out over snow-covered mountains .
A man sitting in a lotus position among several large baskets of vegetables .
A person wearing a hat and baggy pants is skateboarding on cement .
A young person with rock climbing gear rock climbing on a artificial rock wall .
Asian girl on the street touches chest with left hand .
A woman on a subway is falling asleep .
A female soccer player crouches to put on her shoes .
A man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room .
Young , laughing , Asian child in a kitchen stirs a metal container with metal spoon .
Several travelers either standing or sitting on what appears to be a subway car .
A boy is adjusting a museum exhibit .
A man is jumping over a tall object in a gymnasium .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Man wearing protective eye gear performs a science experiment while woman watches .
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove .
A woman dressed in blue clasps her hands together .
A woman in a yellow shirt works on repairing a computer monitor .
A male working in a lab with a hat on .
Boy is lying face down in the grass with his foot on a football .
A woman pulling up her socks underneath her gum boots .
girls seated at table with a candle covered with lit candles
A man is sitting on a green train that is about to go through a tunnel .
A male smiles happily as he looks at many electronic cables .
A man in a gray shirt is pouring a drink into a flute .
Two black dogs are running on pavement
A girl jumping up in the air with her hands above her head .
A group of young kids play in the water on a sunny day .
There is an old man knitting hats while sitting on a pile of rocks .
A woman in a light blue shirt with white sleeves cuts a watermelon .
People are standing on a platform to board a train .
A little boy in a yellow shirt and a blue hat sits on the dock .
A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life .
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
There is a restaurant with a waiter and some cooks .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
A lady in a teal shirt is giving an odd look while playing a game .
A woman is taking a swing with a golf club .
Several people are standing in line at a counter .
A man keeps order on a crowded street of people .
A young lady is leading her friend to a surprise by covering their eyes .
A woman in a blue shirt reads a newspaper while riding on a train .
A man in a white shirt , standing with his hands over his head in a seated crowd .
A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach .
A man in an orange sweater and dark pants lies on a white wall next to a lamp post .
A couple walking at a gathering with a balloon in the air behind them .
A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat .
A man is standing on a street holding a sign .
A man walks along a crowded beach searching for items with a metal detector .
A boy wearing a blue shirt is looking at a plant .
Two young children are standing in hall .
A wakeboarder flies sideways in the air .
A man and small boy pose with a large Jelly Belly mascot sitting on a bench .
Two younger people are being pulled on watercraft behind a boat .
A man sprinkles seasonings on his barbecue in front of foliage .
A boy wearing a bathing suit is doing a handstand while in a canoe .
3 boys are standing on a pier in their bathing suits .
Two young men sitting on a bench holding music instruments .
Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair .
Several people are standing near a fish pond .
A yellow backhoe is tearing down a brick building .
Three children are playing paddle ball on the beach .
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike .
A man and a woman are riding bikes in front of a building .
Two people are riding bikes beside train tracks .
Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path .
Two people rest on a park bench next to their bikes .
A hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path .
A young boy who is wearing a helmet looks at a bicycle .
Two little boys look back as they walk across a grassy area .
A crowd of people are watching a little boy and a man struggle over a case .
One young blond female on an old ATV by a pond .
Sisters on a red four wheeler wanting to go for a ride .
A young boy is getting ready to throw a baseball
A girl in a blue dress walks through a crowd of people .
A chidl climbs a latter as he sticks out his tongue .
Woman inside of a food truck smiles out of the window .
A Brown furry husky dog sticking out his tongue .
A woman is standing next to a Japanese version of Disney 's Snow White .
A group of people are standing outside a building .
Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill .
A singer performing in a dark , smokey lounge , playing an emerald green guitar .
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
Woman walking over bridge with teal handrails
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
At a outdoor stage , a woman in a black shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat .
A girls smiles as she looks at a little boy laughing while reaching for the sky
The dogs are joined together with a red harness .
A black and a white dog on the snow .
A brown dog barks over its shoulder in the water .
a brown dog is leaping into a garden swimming pool .
A dog jumps for a red ball on the grass .
A young boy is running on picnic tables at a park .
Man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops .
A woman is touching a large man on the cheeks while at the beach .
A little girl in a pink top plays with a hoe in a hay bale .
A woman is sitting in a white chair at a furniture store .
A woman is reaching in an IKEA store .
Three dancers with swirling costumes perform .
A young female swimmer is getting ready to jump off the block .
Two swimmers competing in swim competition .
The two boys stand on a pile of rocks in front of some trees .
A young boy wearing a tropical shirt scrubs his oven clean .
A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog .
Man and woman starting a gardening project .
A man in a blue hat and sweater , working on a wall .
A Muslim couple is walking through a shopping center .
A group of individuals sitting in a restaurant .
A woman gestures to someone while sitting in front of some water .
A man wearing white overalls is juggling dangerous objects .
A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper .
A white person allowing a dog to go outside through a barred door .
Workers are in the kitchen while a man sits at a table .
A young woman sips on a drink through a straw .
A white male who has everything covered but his face and hands is holding an accordion .
A pretty woman plays a harpsichord .
A girl dressed in a red and black top with black pants is sitting on a wall .
A person in a crowd views an electronic device .
A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture .
Four young boys are running down a sidewalk .
A woman looking at a stranger through the glass of the bus .
A backpacker in the mountains wearing an american flag .
A man in a red sweater is sitting at a table with food and drinks in front of him .
A man is sitting next to a pizza oven .
An Asian food market where a woman is picking out food .
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand .
A man in an orange jumpsuit rests a hand on a very large reel of thick rope .
A young boy performs a backflip off a cliff , into the sea .
Dark nightclub with chairs .
A gentleman in a waiting room of a hospital with burns to his face .
Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .
An artist in a straw hat paints a beautiful cityscape out on a city street .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
A kid pulling a red push car toy on the grass .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
A woman in a red top holding a crying baby .
A man in a suit holds his cellphone in the air .
A toddler in a white onesie is playing a video game at an arcade .
Boy in shorts , face down in shallow , reflective water .
Three shirtless boys are playing in the water .
A girl , with a gray blanket over her shoulders , is making yarn out of wool .
Hikers walking along a rocky trail .
In a tree filled park a man stretches .
People on a bus , riding and looking out the windows .
Two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms .
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
Hiking in the mountains down steep terrain .
a boy in a blue shirt with dirt on his face
A woman carefully applies makeup in front of a mirror .
Rugby players playing a match in a field sponsored by McDonald 's
A man in a Hawaiian shirt is playing an orange electric guitar on a stage .
Commuters on a train in Asia wait to arrive at their stop .
A cowboy leans back as he tries to avoid being thrown by the bucking bronco .
An adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage .
A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him .
A man holding onto a jungle gym ladder .
A man sells food from a cart on the street while pedestrians walk past .
Two people are eating barbecue ribs at night .
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water .
A young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks .
A girl is standing barefoot on the railroad tracks
People are standing near boats in a sandy area .
A blond woman with an orange shirt is making music on a stool .
A smiling bearded man wears a shirt with an orange peace sign
A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside .
The two dogs are running through a field of flowers .
A young boy with swimming goggles , jumping into a swimming pool .
An overhead view of factory workers packaging product .
A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches .
Two kids on wakeboards attempt to give one another a high-five .
The camera catches some movement as a man walks in front of the Alpha Dental Group building .
Two women wearing business casual clothing walk into a crowded office building
Several people walk up a flight of stairs .
Puppeteer entertaining with a puppet playing the saxophone on the side of the street .
Two people are in a small race car driving by a green hill .
People sitting on bleachers are watching a men 's soccer game .
A man in a yellow jacket sweeps the street in England .
Two asian women preparing food while a young man watches .
A dog swims holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Two uniformed men having a conversation outside of a factory .
Many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of Asian architecture .
Three children and an adult view an electronic device that the adult is holding .
A man walking in the desert wearing a hat , khaki shirt and shorts and very dark sky ahead of him .
A young boy is walking in a grassy field .
A horse standing behind a woman with brown hair .
A man and a woman are in a kitchen eating what they have prepared .
A laughing girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean
The little boy runs into the ocean .
A group of people line up at a tent for Martin 's Famous Louisiana Sausages .
Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard .
A young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool
A man pulls a wagon full of chairs behind him down a city street .
A black and gray dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out .
Here is a picture of a young boy crying inside a playhouse .
A smiling woman and several other people wear blue aprons and prepare food .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
A man in jeans practicing his golf swing at a driving range .
Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area .
Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow .
Older lady in a motorized wheelchair on a corner with a man walking in front of her .
Two guys gather around a table with two girls while drinking .
A railroad worker is checking the tracks .
A girl wearing a green and orange dress walks on the street with a balloon .
A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
These two women are having fun while taking pictures .
