A man in a blue shirt standing in a garden .
Four men on top of a tall structure .
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
man in blue shirt and jeans on ladder cleaning windows
Two men are at the stove preparing food .
a guy stitching up another man 's coat .
A man holds a large stuffed lion toy .
there is a young girl on her cellphone while skating .
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate .
Two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
Five girls dancing and bending feet in ballet class .
Four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs .
Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other .
A man in a tractor wearing headphones driving down a paved street .
Several women wait outside in a city .
Girl in black jacket sifting powdered sugar over a chocolate cake .
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
A shirtless man lies on a park bench with his dog .
People gathered in a room to talk about their favorite tunes .
A bunch of elderly women play their clarinets together as they read off sheet music .
A man stands on wooden supports and surveys damage .
A crowd is portrayed near a metro station .
A man is putting tattoo on his back .
2 kids playing on a seesaw
A construction worker is standing in the street and holding a red flag .
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
Lady in blue coat with white and brown hat standing in front of a painting .
A man in green pants walking down the road .
A little girl climbing on red roping .
A young man on a train holds an origami crane .
A man is holding a pole and smiling .
A man holds a coffee cup while in the bathroom .
Four silhouettes decorate the horizon 's sunset .
A dark-haired man sitting drinking .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
A policeman is standing with a German Shepherd dog .
A person riding a bike on a snowy road .
A group of men wearing ties talk while standing on the street .
A man with a backwards hat works on machinery .
A warehouse manager assisting an employee .
Man sweeping the street outside .
A park ranger talking to a tourist .
Two infants are at play in the yard .
a showing of product to advertise
man walking up to silver 4-wheeled chair
A groom and bride are standing arm in arm .
A little boy playing GameCube at a McDonald 's .
White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
The reunion is in full swing with a moon bounce .
A man and woman pose in front of some traffic .
Two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them .
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick with a front kick .
A crowd is watching a group of five martial artists perform .
a boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt
An elderly man in a red jacket shielding his face from the sun .
Men walking down a street with children .
A boy smiles in front of a stony wall in a city .
The black dog jumped the tree stump .
A man in a suit is hurrying across the street .
Man in a red shirt riding his bicycle around water .
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .
A dog running through snow .
A crowd of people waiting to cross a street .
A skier looks at framed pictures in the snow next to trees .
A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
The young gymnast 's supple body soars above the balance beam .
A boy pushing a miniature car on a lawn .
A group of men are loading cotton onto a truck
A woman in a headscarf uses a telescope to look out over the city and bay .
A man in a black jacket is moving towards a street .
a brown dog plays with the hose .
A man with his daughter sitting on a stroller in a supermarket .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy .
A man in a green sweater and black vest sitting in a booth .
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
Two men look up while hiking .
A man showing off his new wooden creation .
Two men sitting on their living floor .
a man in a red t-shirt is sitting in a car looking at a map .
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
Couple with a baby sit outdoors next to their stroller .
police questioning the driver of a black wagon at nighttime .
A black dog running in the surf .
A man drilling a hole in the ice .
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
An ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall .
Two males and one female walking on a path .
A person is cleaning snow and ice off of a city sidewalk .
A couple stands behind their wedding cake .
A group of snowmobile riders gather in the snow .
A dog in grass with a blue item in his mouth .
Villagers selling their crops at the market .
A man in an orange shirt sings for the crowd below a sign that says Lucky 13 .
A boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches
A man and young boy ride in a yellow kayak .
Two people are sitting on a bench , and one women is standing by them .
Construction workers installing a light post .
People are fixing the roof of a house .
Two men sitting on a bench in front of a sign with a picture of man and a lady .
The young woman is sleeping in her room .
A child with headphones riding on his mother 's shoulders .
A group of people walk down the street waving rainbow flags .
A fish sellers stock is looked upon by two old men .
A woman in a green skirt and white tank top singing into a microphone .
two men and two women sitting on steps outdoors .
A black dog and a brown dog are jumping up to catch a red toy .
A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
A man sitting in front of a metal sculpture in front of a building .
Toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings .
two men setting up a blue ice fishing hut on an iced over lake
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
The lady is pushing a child in a stroller .
A man in a red shirt sits next to a fruit stand .
Two children eating at a small table .
The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish .
A man playing an electric guitar on stage .
A girl hitting a softball but she missed the ball .
A balding man wearing a red life jacket is sitting in a small boat .
A man in a black shirt plays a black-colored guitar .
A man wearing a black shirt smoothing out concrete in an urban area .
A dark-haired young woman hesitates before dining .
A woman is laying on a red blanket in a park .
Person crossing a bridge in dim light .
A man photographs a woman in a pink dress and a throng of men in suits .
A blond toddler walks in a field .
A man and a dog grilling green beans .
Three people hang out on top of a big hill .
People cross a large bridge to get over the body of water .
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats .
Two girls and a man were peeling corn .
A man and woman pose for the camera while another man looks on .
A gray-haired man sitting in a chair playing a wind instrument among other musicians .
A group of people standing in front of an igloo .
A baseball player attempting to score a run before the catcher tags the player out .
A man in a white shirt rides a bicycle on a busy street .
Man painting a brick wall on a ladder .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
A 30 somethings man playing with his phone on a subway train .
Two women are walking in a crosswalk with a bus in the background .
Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food .
A group of people are eating noddles .
A woman is carrying a bowl full of fruit on her head near the ocean side .
A guy wearing blue in a hole .
Four children are smiling and playing on a bike
Two people , one man and one women in the woods putting something in a tub .
A little baby cradled in someones arms .
An African woman with piercings , lots of necklaces and corn on her head .
A man in black wields a sword in front of rolling , green hills .
A group of teens sit on a wall by a beach .
A group of hikers traveling along a rock strewn creek bed .
A security guard on watch duty at the museum .
Two women in colorful clothing are cleaning the road .
Two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones .
A little girl stands in a backyard , holding a toy and looking into the camera .
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor .
a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard .
Two children smiling and sitting on grass .
A woman having a drink is shaking hands with someone .
A driver communicating on his walkie talkie .
A woman kayaking down a river .
A girl with pigtails plays in the water .
A woman wearing a red coat is jumping outdoors .
A man and a woman eating dinner together .
An elegant food serving on table at a restaurant .
A group of kids have a pillow-fight .
Two construction workers sitting on an I-beam .
A child using an electric mixer in a bowl .
The children are playing in the water .
A woman is signaling is to traffic , as seen from behind .
Child sitting down looking at train ride brochure
Two women laugh while sitting on the floor .
a group of joggers running on the sidewalk .
A brown dog is running after the black dog .
A little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool .
A man stands by an elevator with his head down .
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
A man holding a yellow ball , soaking in a wooden tub .
A man is sleeping on a bench near a bus stop .
One child is climbing in a tree while another , older child , watches .
A man asleep in a car that 's driving .
A lady with brown hair in a pink shirt sleeping in a car .
A guy flipping a pancake high into the air from a skillet .
Reflections from the firemen 's uniforms .
Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .
people at beach looking for things in sand
Men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working .
A woman working at a newsstand .
A man in a hard hat is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean overalls .
A tired looking person makes a lot of bread .
A group of shirtless men are sitting in the shade on a tropical beach .
A boy smiles for the camera at a beach .
A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain .
Kids are riding bikes near a dirt mound in the street .
Bikers in a bike race take a sharp left turn .
Three kids riding bikes over a dirt mound .
An older man in a white short-sleeve shirt admiring a bush .
A surgeon and two assistants perform an operation .
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee .
A man in blue shorts lays down outside in a parking lot .
One dog is chasing another one on the beach .
A man stand there after rolling a bowling ball down a lane .
A gray bearded man in black clothing riding a horse on a rocky path .
A man and woman laze around on the couch .
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines .
A black and white dog catches a toy in midair .
A child swings a baseball bat at the ball .
A teenage guy wearing glasses is throwing a javelin .
A crowd watching air balloons at night .
A man on the phone surrounded by stacks of books .
Two women are reading the same magazine .
Two men squat to light candles at night .
A woman in a pink hat strolls along sidewalk .
The young boy pedals quickly at a BMX race .
A group of people sit outdoors together at night .
Man at the beach with two dogs .
a boy cleans the bubbles off his face .
A large gathering of people partying on boats .
Teenagers are partying on a boat while a blond teenager is kicking a man .
A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool .
While water droplets fly , a man throws a little boy up in the air .
A group of people riding in the back of a truck , down the road , in a country area .
Two men preparing food in a kitchen .
two young boys making silly faces .
Construction worker , welding on high beam .
a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders .
Woman on a hill by a white cross overlooking a beach .
A group of people are gathered near the water .
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach .
Men at work shoveling snow from a rail track .
Two people and two horses watching a fire .
Rail workers working on train tracks in the city .
Two men looking at a beat up old car .
A woman assembles a white metal frame on the sidewalk .
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen .
A bulldog , a sheepdog , and a boxer standing in a yard .
A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
A group of men work on some streetcar rails .
A man fixing the road with his equipment .
A woman applies mascara to her eyelash .
A white dog has its head on the ground .
Woman climbing an artificial rock wall .
Several Japanese motorcycles are lined up .
A helicopter is taking off for flight .
A construction worker is on climbing on top of a building .
Lots of people in different costumes at some kind of party .
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide .
The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field .
An elderly woman pan frying food in a kitchen .
A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk .
Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area .
Two people climbing up a snowy mountain .
Indian man whittles in his own home .
A dog is running down a road .
A woman sitting down on steps , writing something down with a door behind her .
Pedestrians cross the street at a red light .
The women is wearing formal clothing while sitting .
Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it .
A crowd of boys play cricket in an open sand lot .
A young woman playing with children at a backyard party in the summer .
A man and children work on the engine of an old truck .
Woman n blue jacket sits on daft horse near a frozen lake .
Two draft horses pull a cart through the snow .
A happy teenage girl taking a break from her bike ride .
A person wearing a red vest climbs up a steep rock .
People stand inside a rock dome .
People camp with the mountains in the background .
A woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration .
A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces .
The children are singing and holding their arms in the air .
A man is jumping off complex into a body of water .
The brown dog is out in the snow .
A black woman using a sowing machine .
Asian girls in white t-shirts standing around a motorcycle .
A woman smiles as she holds some bell peppers .
An old women with a cane sitting in her rocking chair .
Young boy sitting down outside and blowing bubbles .
A child plays in a fountain .
A dog runs out of a tunnel on a course .
a dog chases another dog .
Two men barbecuing at a beach .
A young girl is jumping in the air at the beach .
A little girl with arms outstretched is posing at the beach .
A man is standing next to a rack with hats hanging on it .
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
A small boy swimming underwater
A young boy sucks on his arm while laying on a blue couch .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam .
A little boy standing high in the air on a rock .
A man and a woman are talking in a restaurant .
A snowmobiler flies through the air .
People are riding around on snowmobiles .
Two people working on removing snow from a roof .
A young man in a black shirt stacks chairs .
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street .
A little girl is blowing bubbles in a field .
Three people on ATV 's outside .
Man jumping with all terrain vehicle
A man jumps gin the air while riding an ATV
A woman on the beach getting hit with a blow up hammer .
Two hands are flipping some food in a cast iron pan , with a spatula .
Four children are standing around a blue and white barrel .
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .
Two girls are hugging in front of a tree and a hill .
A large ship approaching the dock with two men awaiting its arrival .
A man sitting on a green bench talking on the telephone .
A singer on a stage with a white shirt .
Three men seated on an elephant in a small village .
A man sits in the under the hood of a blue truck .
A boy in goggles plays with a read-haired girl .
A lady is sitting down tending to her stand .
A group of people are gathered at some type of outdoor event .
A baby with blond-hair crying or yelling .
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach .
Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field .
A man scoops out ice cream for a female customer in a cafe .
A group of people are sitting on stools eating some food
A group of people spread out an American flag for all to see .
A young girl painting a picture .
The biker is riding around a curve in the road .
A little girl in a denim jacket running through a field .
Some elements are too small to visualize without a microscope .
A couple kissing while going up the escalator .
A soccer player in green is held high above his teammates and opponents in red .
Men pushing wheelbarrows in the desert .
Five young girls with backpacks sitting on a green park bench .
Woman in front of clothing store .
Young people are standing in the store .
Street vendors sell their wares to tourists .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A young girl steadies her aim with a camera
A female playing a song on her violin .
Girl in odd clothes reading a brochure while sitting on a wooden porch .
A man dressed in a funky outfit is playing guitar .
A hockey player attempting to score against a goalie as a defenceman watches .
A technician is figuring out the best way to open a huge safe .
A woman and a child are walking on a beach .
Butcher waiting outside the store .
An agile dog catches a Frisbee while a crowd of onlookers watches closely .
Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts .
Street performers being watched by an interested crowd .
Two children running with no shoes on .
A small boy is playing with rocks
A child finishing an ice cream cone mugs for the camera .
There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans .
A person in a hat is playing with a boy on a beach .
A child swimming underneath the water .
A group of motorcyclist are ridding through the streets .
Three people are sitting around a table playing a game .
People enjoy a gathering with Pabst Blue Ribbon and Diet Coke .
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A man climbing a rock wall
a rock climber climbs a large rock .
A girl looks at a fountain that sprays water .
An animal is running on the beach .
People sitting and eating inside a diner .
A girl wearing a red short and a white shirt looking through a hole .
A small bird sits in a person 's hand and eats seeds .
A woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball .
A brown dog plays at the beach .
A man walks across the field of view in front of a cityscape .
A man under the black hood of a camera , standing close to vehicles and an RV .
A young child splashing in water .
People are walking in front of a fenced area .
A playful dog is running through the grass .
A woman in a tight fitting outfit is running .
A man in red pants jumping on a park table .
A black and white dog is running through the field .
A little girl swimming in a pool .
A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground .
A man and child on a ship doing maintenance .
A child is standing on her head .
A group of men in orange safety vests are working .
A man with a router working on the sidewalk .
Workman are completing repairs on a city street .
a man holds his snowboard in the sand .
A man in an orange vest standing atop a building .
Tiger woods putts a golf ball toward a hole .
A young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy .
A kid with floaters jumping into a lake .
Three people on motorbikes follow a trail through dry grass .
A young woman is fixing a hamburger in a kitchen .
A boy walking in the surf on a beach .
A man standing beside the back of a nude statue .
Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag .
A person stands on a structure on the lake .
A pleasant young man working at a jewelry store .
A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors .
People walk up and down the steps in front of a church .
A number of children enjoy themselves on the coast of a city .
A female works out near the ocean side .
Two men are working on putting together a wooden frame .
Crowd standing near " GREEN JUNGLE " exhibit at festival .
The lady in the green shirt is laughing .
A man in a suit is walking and carrying a briefcase .
A brunette woman walking down a street with a cup .
A small child in poverty conditions is holding a chicken .
A woman in a red hat sits on a rug .
A man sitting on a wall and looking at a body of water .
Two dogs tug at a chew toy in the surf .
Three women on the street drinking and posing
Boy in striped shirt looks at peaceful lake .
A child standing outside in a matching cap and scarf .
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth .
Two dogs splash through the water .
Two young women stop and watch street performers .
A little girl blowing bubbles in the water .
A black dog runs into the ocean next to a pile of seaweed .
Young boy running outside on the pavement .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
Two men sitting in front of a railing are looking at something .
A hand holding an object while a hole is drilled in it .
Women wearing rollerskates sit on the floor .
A small child is jumping on a bed .
Man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed .
A young man holding a huge chainsaw .
A man on a motorcycle with no shirt on at a bike event .
A group of people enter a doorway next to a red sign reading " WELCOME Bikers " .
A man is putting up a wall .
A brown-haired woman looks at a baby eating something .
People , both standing and sitting , along a train track .
Two skiers stand , two sit on slopes .
New mall has opened bringing a lot of shoppers .
A female blacksmith is shoeing a horse .
A girl in green walks down a city street .
Women are cheerleading in the street .
A delivery man exiting the back of a truck .
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
A female with dreadlocks sits down and holds a pillow .
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman with blond-hair on the cheek .
A single man in a black t-shirt standing above the crowd at a busy bar .
Blond-haired couple posing for picture .
Two children play on the path in a park .
A bridge through high green plants , a man and a woman on it .
Two women and four children standing next to a brightly painted truck .
A blond woman poses with a person in a pink costume .
A bicyclist riding on a city street .
A little girl wearing a green dress is standing in front of puddle .
A biker in spandex riding on a busy street .
A father and son at the checkout in a supermarket .
Man and woman standing at grand canyon looking out .
Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic .
Man photographing red railroad car with large camera lens .
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs .
A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on .
Family members standing outside a home .
Several people are dividing up painting supplies .
Three young males are standing in front of a cross .
A young lady sits in front of a fence with a bucket .
A person with red pants with cover over her head sitting in front of multiple computers .
A man in a red shirt is painting a statue .
Two young men and an older man are standing in front of a big wooden cross .
A woman sits on a man 's shoulders using a heavy brush as a hammer .
Men standing around , and working on ladders .
A man and a child with a bucket of paint .
A group of friends converse around a table .
A boy looking at a chopped log .
A man shakes his arm at a group of people seated on a bench .
Two men carrying books , walking and talking in a field .
A person doing a skateboard flip next to a black trashcan .
A woman is taking a photo of a bridge while standing on the train tracks .
Multiple people are sitting in outside of a hut .
A kid may be playing soccer while in a suit .
People waiting at a light on bikes .
A construction worker is building scaffolding for the job .
An infant in a green outfit is expressing emotion .
Shirtless man leading a small horse-drawn covered wagon down a road
a shirtless man leans over a balcony looking platform .
A young woman plays on a swing set while trees sway in the background .
Young man in an orange hoodie skateboarding .
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net .
An old man is cooking his food .
A man wearing black clothes runs next to a woman on a bicycle .
A street juggler performing while wearing a colorful outfit .
Group of Doctors wearing green outfit perform a surgery .
A boy standing at the beach holding a blue pale and a green shovel .
The little girl splashes through the water .
Two men and a woman sit in front of a tree and have a snack .
A man landscaping an area for preparation to the upcoming season .
A worker with a pitchfork is standing outside .
A man and his dog are both interested in the photographer .
A man wearing suspenders in standing on a train .
Four middle-aged people are preparing a meal in a kitchen .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
Girl learning about animals at the zoo .
Three young boys are fishing at a lake .
A woman and small boy are looking at a book .
Two women are sitting at a table in a restaurant .
A little boy in overalls crying .
A girl hands out Starbucks samples at a street fair .
Three men loading items on a sled .
A person is sitting behind two large baskets of bread .
A man walking beside a house with bags .
Three people walk on grass adjacent to a river .
A female swimmer is submerged horizontally in a swimming pool .
People are engaged in worked involving laptops .
A man is sweeping the bottom of an empty shallow pool .
a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline on the beach .
A small brown dog is being washed in a small blue bin .
Little boy in sneakers jumping into water .
A young child in a jacket and a hat sleeping .
An old man in a straw hat sits on a park bench .
Three kids on a grass field , one of them searching for food in her mom 's purse .
A black man operates an orange crane .
Three girls walking along an arched garden pathway .
Numerous people gathered at a beach .
Various people shop at a street clothing sale .
Man paddling a boat on a river near the bank .
Friend show you what they have cooked .
A little girl in a red hat and yellow flip-flops sits on a rock .
A woman with a baseball cap on riding a bike while pulling a man sitting in a cart .
A young boy standing next to a woman is helping her cook .
Two young women celebrating a birthday with cake and wine .
The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops .
A man sitting near a tent in the snow and ice .
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
A man in an orange vest is working on a train .
Five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree .
A man playing with a black dog on a white blanket .
Old lady sitting in a room full of flowers .
What people in white uniforms are doing a martial arts demonstration .
A man in a white hat stands on top of a truck .
Two people with hard hats on standing on a brick wall .
A kid laughing as he is sitting next to a big Elmo .
A child is brushing an infant 's hair .
Showing one how to do a jump withe being watched .
A man is chopping beside a stove .
A man in a red cap with a nose ring .
This man is smiling very big at the camera .
Several people are playing in the fountains .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
A woman throwing a Frisbee on a beach .
Two brown dogs are running through the grass .
A guy wearing protective gear is welding a steel beam .
Men build castle-like sculptures out of dark sand by the shore .
Two men and a dog are standing among rolling green hills .
There are people walking on the sidewalk on a beautiful day .
The girl is running into the ocean from the shore .
Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
A white male wearing glasses is blowing a bubble in a house .
Young boy fences with a dummy in a wooded setting while others pass by .
Dog jumps to get orange ball on his head .
Four people in black pants stand in front of a museum .
Two boys are squirting water guns at each other .
A dog in the air above the swimming pool .
People sitting in a circle with a book in the middle .
Formal dressed man , woman and child standing on a beach .
A man wearing a blue t-shirt and jeans is sitting on a fence .
Six children , boys and girls , jumping into a swimming pool .
Three black men in aprons are working in a restaurant .
The little boy is in the park near a duck .
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill .
Parents are pushing little children in red car carts .
Men filling concrete basins with water and canvas like material .
A boys baseball team wear their uniforms .
An old man is reading the paper despite crushing feelings of loneliness .
Two women holding hands in the air while jumping .
A woman in a dress with two children .
A dog walks through a field .
Two woman stop and talk in the downtown area .
Woman rolling a ball down a bowling alley .
Two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .
A group of people walking up a trail in a wooded area .
Three little boys playing with a ball in a park .
A little boy kicking a rubber ball .
A man reading a book outside .
A man on a ladder wearing blue jacket and a blue jeans
Three people wearing reflective clothing are working on the street .
A man on stilts stands in front of a line of drummers .
A teenage boy stands in a backyard holding a tray of bread .
Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A hip person reading a magazine while enjoying a beverage .
A young boy plays outdoors in the woods .
Two men in black hats buying food at a counter .
Five little kids are taking a ride in some type of amusement park .
A blond woman in a gray sweatshirt is cutting with scissors .
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning a dining table .
A person wearing a blue shirt , rides a white horse along a dusty country road .
A middle-aged woman cooking while her dog watches .
The woman in the brown sweater is sewing .
Two bald men sit on chairs and look at a computer .
Two dogs jumping into a swimming pool .
A child is sliding down a hill on a sled .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses are window shopping .
FireFighters monitoring a cave fire .
A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement .
A side of a building with paintings on it .
Three people are pushing a large machine down a street .
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and construction helmet .
A homeless man holding a sign .
A girl rides a unicycle with a child who rides a scooter .
Two people climbing a snowy mountain against a clear blue sky .
A man wearing a plastic bib with a crab on it , holds up a wooden hammer .
A man jumps off a bridge while family watches in excitement .
A man reading a book on the dock near a post .
Two people listen to a man playing guitar while another man dances .
Some construction workers are taking a break .
A woman in a green dress holding a toy dinosaur .
A large crowd of people are sitting outside of a store .
A woman carrying shoes is walking barefoot on the beach .
The people are following the Bride and the Groom at a wedding .
a person sits at a table behind a tree .
A couple wait at the stand for some coffee .
a couple walking along on a sidewalk
Bird 's eye view of a man ascending a staircase outdoors .
The people dressed in all white are having a good time .
A family is sitting outside enjoying themselves in a park area .
A woman does not waste the nice day by reading on the beach .
Commuters rush to get on the late train .
Two little children wait in a highchair to be fed .
A group of Muslims are in a park listening to a speech .
A man in a hat plays his keyboard that is attached to a computer .
A child is laying down on a wooden bench .
Golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch .
Two men are discussing sometime near a wall with some graffiti on it .
A young boy is practicing martial arts with other classmates .
A female martial arts student demonstrates with a weapon while others watch .
The karate class is performing outside .
A young women sits at a vending stall labeled ice creams and programs .
Two large brown dogs are playing in the grass .
A boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
A boy looks on as a baby laughs .
Two men playing a sport with each other .
Two people are sitting with their backs facing cotton candy .
A young girl in a white dress
Eight gentlemen are working with stone & tile .
Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field .
Man on crane cutting tree branches .
Two men wearing eyeglasses eating sandwiches .
A man laughs and adjusts his clear-colored glasses inside .
A girl and a guy sitting on large cubes .
Child in green jacket dose handstand .
A man is sitting behind a hard wood counter .
Young man takes picture of another young man in front of church .
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .
A male with a hat is juggling four balls .
man wearing bowler hat and red flannel shirt holding juggling pins
Family members playing cards in their backyard
Family sitting on a bench near the beach .
Two man are outdoors cooking over an open fire .
Three men are walking on a road in the mountains .
A group of four men hiking up a trail .
A person soars in a parachute close to a beach .
Two men playing trumpet in public in the city .
People at a distance trying to climb a cliff .
Two men take photographs on either side of their car .
A group of children in brown outfits are performing .
Two people are on a path using a map and a compass .
Two men climb the side of a boat .
Two young boys and a baby sitting on a swing .
A child stands ready with a baseball mitt .
Two girls laughing outside in a yard .
Group of people walking on the heavy snow .
Two construction workers are digging up pavement on a road .
city workers fixing concrete on a road .
Workers in yellow vests do roadwork .
A man fixing his bicycle by some trees .
A woman in a brown dress is sitting on a bench .
A litlle boy playing on a swing
Two men in the woods using a chainsaw to cut some trees .
Construction workers work on a road into the night .
A man is playing a guitar wearing a black shirt
A woman is drinking a beverage in a busy cafe .
Four people hanging out on a park bench listening to one of the four play the guitar .
Two people fishing from a boat on a river .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
Four young teens having fun at a cookout .
A girl walking alone at night on a street .
A man in a tan fisherman 's cap puts lip balm on a woman in a boat .
A DJ at a public gathering with his equipment .
A woman in a striped shirt and black hair stands facing some booths .
Two dogs are playing outside in a field .
A man in a red and white checked shirt plays in a park .
A person in a blue hat is watching a worker .
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals .
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
A brown dog leaping to catch a ball .
A girl in blue jean Capris stands on a window ledge as a boy peeks out .
Two girls on separate teams fighting for a soccer ball .
a young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair .
An Asian man posing in front of a cart hes pulling for a picture .
A young boy poses for a picture in front of a playground .
This machine is working in the dirt .
A man stands in striking position while holding his opponent 's head .
A man in a red shirt referees a wrestling match .
A couple demonstrates some defensive moves .
A group of native looking women in bright clothing .
A woman shops at a farmers market .
a woman is talking on a cellphone on a crowded sidewalk
Two women in hats decorated with flowers and fruit smile .
A girl in a helmet rides a horse .
A teenage boy is talking to a group of teenage girls .
Vendor selling drinks in a stall .
Three people stand in front of chicken that is roasting on a two grills .
A young girl running by herself in a park .
A group of people are sitting on the beach with a cooler .
Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
Three people sit waiting in a lobby .
The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses .
Three people working together in a compact space .
A boy with goggles jumping into a pool containing a man .
A boy flips off a diving board into a pool .
Two emergency responders are at the scene of an incident .
A smiling elderly man is creating pottery .
People cooking food over a fire .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
two men are hanging out and grilling
an oil stained sidewalk with a walker next to it
A woman , playing music , smiles as a crowd surrounds her .
A brown dog biting a gray dogs ear .
A woman in a straw hat draws a design on the pavement with chalk .
a butcher cutting an animal to sell
A man with a large feather in his hat rides a horse .
Two persons carry a large , inflatable bottle , past a young woman and a parked white car .
Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection .
A white and tan dog leaps through the air .
Brunette uses her blue bowling ball to bowl at a bowling alley .
One man is playing the drums while another is singing Karaoke .
An adult horse approaching a foal on a sandy plain .
A small child is standing at the counter of a carnival game .
A man napping in a hammock near a lake .
Eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool .
a man sitting down on a chair next to a bunch of cages
One person wearing a coat and hat sitting in a chair .
A man in a brown shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and playing a guitar .
A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap .
A brown and black dog is laying on a shaggy rug .
A group of young ladies in bikinis .
The child is looking at his reflection in glass .
Men and women on bikes stop to look at something .
The little girl in pink has her hands on her hips .
A couple standing in front of a store display window .
Many people are outside walking through a city .
A woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child .
A chef enjoying a meal while in contemplation .
A man with facial hair in white clothes eating a steak .
Three men are preparing food in a kitchen setting .
A person posing on a mountaintop .
A girl in a yellow dress runs across the roof of a baseball dugout during a game .
Three children play near a placid lake in a wooded area .
Girl in pink shirt with white writing lying in grass .
A man and a woman are holding a sign that says teaching children .
Three people in masks sit in an entryway .
A man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill .
Three children playing in sand at beach
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball .
A dog toys with a cat hiding under a bench .
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest .
A crowd is gathered at an outdoor event .
People in a tent listening to one playing a guitar .
A man is getting his tepee ready for a festival .
Two young children , a boy and a girl , are riding bicycles with training wheels .
A woman and little boy sits on a police motorcycle .
A man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil .
A woman in black is playing a Cello type instrument .
A man in yellow and a man in green boating down a river on an overcast day .
A young man lining up his shot in a game of pool .
A man in red riding gear riding a dirt bike down a path
A woman giving a blond-haired toddler a drink from a cup .
A group of women having drinks in at a table in a cafe bookstore .
People walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall .
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain .
Person standing beside bike in stream .
Two children are standing on a green metal fence .
Young boy with a black " ADHD " t-shirt nodding off
A truck has just crashed into the back of another truck .
Two workers in a mongolian bbq restaurant .
A child is splashing in the water
Two boys playing in the water wearing shorts .
A colorful tractor in the field .
Two children play on a barrel turned swing .
Group of people gathered out on the streets near a display of bicycles .
A man and woman on a beach , jumping .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
Farmers are standing around and look angry .
Children playing in public waterspouts .
Boy hanging on a jungle-gym at the park
The three dogs are walking on the sand .
A red car driving over a bridge .
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
A guy hooking up his laptop to a microscope .
A man is painting on a sidewalk in the city .
A girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her .
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand .
A man wearing a blue shirt is performing out on a street .
The women with shorts has her hand placed on a white car .
A baby girl is attempting to climb out of her green crib
A man in a blue denim shirt is talking on his cellphone while wearing sunglasses .
kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires
A person in a red coat looking out at a snowy landscape .
a man wearing a wife-beater , sitting around fruit in a low budget market .
A boy in a black shirt and beige shorts is riding his skateboard .
a young child is climbing a rock wall in all his protective gear .
The beautiful lady is looking at the photographer .
A woman is asleep in a subway car .
A girl tying her shoe in a large sports field .
A man in a yellow shirt is jumping in a living room .
A little girl with a bindi laughs as she stirs a pot in the kitchen .
A woman on the subway , leaning over with her head on her knee taking a nap .
A boy is learning how to use a loom .
A man is in mid-leap over a stack of wooden steps .
A black and white dog carrying a large stick
man with goggles and robe pouring items from glass and boy looks on
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen .
A woman is being interviewed at her dining table .
A lady in a brown jacket trying to grab something .
A man with gloves works in a lab .
A boy in blue with a football sprawls in the grass .
A woman realigns her sock in a messy park .
Woman and four little girls , near cake with candles .
A small tourist train approaching a tunnel .
A young man looking at wires and cords behind a computer .
A man is pouring drinks at a table .
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape .
A girl in a green shirt jumps in the air .
A group of children are in a water fountain .
An old man in traditional costume seems to be in a cheerful mood .
Waitress working in a restaurant cutting watermelon .
A group of people are walking toward a subway door .
A boy in a blue hat sit on a dock , looking at water .
Groups of people observe fish in a large tank .
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset .
A waiter presenting an order to the kitchen staff .
Tree in the foreground , two men playing golf in the background .
A woman is making a funny face while playing a board game .
A girl is getting ready to swing the club .
A group of people in line at a music venue .
Officer in riot gear observes demonstration .
A woman in a red dress covers another woman 's eyes .
A man and woman are sitting on a train looking to the right .
A man standing and cheering amongst a stadium of others sitting .
A shirtless man is walking on a rocky hill
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach .
A man in an orange shirt is laying curled up on a concrete ledge behind a pole .
A man and woman are standing in a grassy area with other people .
A man in a black hat walks down the street .
A man in a blue sweater walks in traffic .
A person carrying a metal-detector , walking down a busy , sandy beach .
A bewildered child examines a peculiar plant .
Little girl and buy inside of a church .
A waterskier performs tricks .
A small boy is sitting on a bench next to a large jelly bean mascot .
Two boys waterskiing .
A man in a gray shirt seasons meat on a grill .
A boy stands on his head at the bow of a canoe .
A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail at a beach .
Two men are playing music on a bench .
A group of people in costume at a renaissance fair .
Some children watching fish in a pool .
Something gets knocked down by a bulldozer .
Three boys play with paddles on the beach .
A woman is riding a bicycle on the pavement .
A man in a helmet is riding a bike .
Two bicyclists with backpacks ride past a brown door .
Two people riding bikes next to a railroad .
A couple , wearing helmets and backpacks , ride their bikes down a brick road .
Women in bike helmets take break from long ride .
A man is wearing a blue jacket and a helmet and riding a black bicycle .
A young boy is looking and touching a bike
Two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something .
A man and a boy each grasp a small black bag in their outstretched arms .
Child on a small motorbike near a small pond .
Two kids with blond-hair sit atop a four-wheeler .
Little leaguer getting ready for pitch
a african-american woman stands in the crowd .
A small boy climbing a backyard play set .
A woman standing at the counter of a takeout window .
A husky dog wearing the gear to pull a sled .
Person leaning against the wall , next to a life size cartoon cut out .
A woman orders a dish at a street kitchen vendor .
The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
A young man playing a green-bodied guitar sings into a microphone .
A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool .
A woman is walking alone on a bridge .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
A woman in a black shirt is hugging a man .
A couple teenagers having fun with a toddler in the backyard .
The dog has red straps in its back .
Two dogs standing in the snow .
A dog with a collar running through the water
A dog jumps into a swimming pool after a toy .
A white dog jumping to catch a red ball .
A boy jumps from one table to another at a park .
Dog walkers observe their pets on a sidewalk .
A couple on a beach , the woman is touching the man 's face .
A young girl tries her hand at gardening .
A lady is trying out a chair in a furniture store .
A woman reaching for something .
Three women wearing white gowns are dancing .
A woman in a black bathing suit crouches on a diving board .
Two people are swimming in a pool .
Two young males are standing in front of some forestation .
A young child using a sponge on the front of an oven .
A woman in a red top and a small dog talks to a young girl .
Two people are planting a flower in a hole .
A worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall .
The man and a lady holding their hands while walking .
A group of people at a high class restaurant .
A woman is wearing a taupe coat and is sitting near some water
Man with hat juggling in front of a captivated audience .
A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors
A woman pulls a dog through a door .
workers at Roppolo 's pizzeria busy at work .
A woman is drinking from a green straw .
A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion .
A smiling woman playing the harp .
A lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall .
A guy in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture .
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
Four boys run down a stone paved sidewalk .
a female looking out the window as a male looks in .
A hiker carrying an American flag .
A man in a red shirt sits at a table with a glass of water .
a man taking a pizza out of an oven
Numerous Asian people working behind a counter .
A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair .
A man in a jumpsuit and hat tends to a large spool of rope .
A man jumps into the water on a sunny day .
A girl sits on a bar stool .
A man who has been beaten up or has a bad rash on his face .
Six topless men standing on a balcony .
A painter shows off his talent in front of a group of people
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps into the water .
A little boy in blue is pulling a toy car .
An officer squints directly at the camera as he leans on a metal bar .
Asian mom holding tiny infant .
A young Asian man is looking at his cellphone .
a toddler takes his first glimpse of the wonders of video games .
A young boy laying face down in water .
Three boys play in a spray of water .
A woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine
Two women hiking up a gravel trail .
a man in pants dancing in a park .
Southeast Asians look out the windows of a bus .
A guy is restrained by security in front of a Samsung bus stop advertisement .
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza .
Two people hiking through a valley .
The boy has blond-hair and a dirty face .
A woman applying mascara to her eyelashes .
Men playing a sport during a sunny day .
A man in a colorful shirt and glasses is playing guitar on stage .
Two women on a subway talking while standing .
A cowboy is riding a brown bucking bronco in an arena full of people .
A man in a black shirt sits in an office chair next to a fan .
Two blond models pose with a man under an umbrella .
A man swinging on the monkey bars
A mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets .
A man and a woman about to eat .
A small boy in water wings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide .
A woman wearing a green shirt stands on the railroad tracks .
Girl is standing out on the train tracks .
A smiling man checks his net on the boat .
A woman is sitting on a stool with an accordion .
A man with a peace sign shirt stops to look at something .
A person wears a headdress and sunglasses .
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather .
Young boy in blue swimming trunks is jumping into a pool .
Factory workers are steadily completing their jobs .
A man poking a tree with a stick to get fruit .
Two young kids wakeboarding with one hand each in the air .
An outdoor cafe with people sitting while a man in white shirt is walking toward them .
Many people are passing through the general area ; their backs are turned .
Several people walk up a staircase .
A man wearing a red shirt has a puppet band , on the street .
The two racers drove the white bike down the road .
Two men on different soccer teams are playing for the ball .
A man in a yellow vest sweeping a sidewalk .
Several people are setting out food to sell .
The dog is swimming with the ball .
Two male worker talking outside their building .
People are walking down a sidewalk where there is an outdoors market .
The group is watch a cartoon on a small electric device .
One man is walking across a desert right into an approaching storm .
A smiling boy runs through the grass .
A horse licks a brown-haired woman 's back .
Young chefs are arranging food in a kitchen .
A young girl plays under a pier with a blue bucket .
A child running through the water .
People are standing in line to buy sausages .
Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline .
A girl in a red bikini is jumping into a pool .
A man is pulling a cart covered in chairs .
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass .
Young kid with red shirt covering his face on a trampoline .
Row of people wearing aprons making food .
Someone is suspended from electrical wires .
Young man practices his golf stance at the driving range
two small tan puppies walking on a stone path
dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
An older black woman is operating her electric wheelchair .
People socializing at a table with beverages .
Two men in orange work on train tracks .
The girl is wearing a green dress and holding a hello kitty balloon .
A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river .
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank .
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water .
Two women laughing at a cat walking on the furniture .
