Building theories from case study research
Technology and institutions: what can research on information technology and research on organizations learn from each other?
A weighted average difference method for detecting differentially expressed genes from microarray data
Optimal pooling for genome re-sequencing with ultra-high-throughput short-read technologies
Virus attenuation by genome-scale changes in codon pair bias.
Predicting functional transcription factor binding through alignment-free and affinity-based analysis of orthologous promoter sequences
Identifying functional modules in protein-protein interaction networks: an integrated exact approach
The beginning of the end for microarrays?
Sepsid even-skipped Enhancers Are Functionally Conserved in Drosophila Despite Lack of Sequence Conservation
Global investigation of proteinprotein interactions in yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae using re-occurring short polypeptide sequences
Co-Evolving Motions at ProteinProtein Interfaces of Two-Component Signaling Systems Identified by Covariance Analysis
ArrayWiki: an enabling technology for sharing public microarray data repositories and meta-analyses.
The mechanism of micro-RNA-mediated translation repression is determined by the promoter of the target gene
A practical scalable distributed B-tree
When Species Meet (Posthumanities)
Next-generation DNA sequencing methods.
Correlating User Profiles from Multiple Folksonomies
Accelerated sequence divergence of conserved genomic elements in Drosophila melanogaster
Digital storytelling: a meaningful technology-integrated approach for engaged student learning
The Systems Biology Research Tool: evolvable open-source software
Evaluation of recommender systems: A new approach
High-throughput gene and SNP discovery in Eucalyptus grandis, an uncharacterized genome.
Atomic Structure of Graphene on SiO2
Identification of Functional Information Subgraphs in Complex Networks
The multiscale coarse-graining method. I. A rigorous bridge between atomistic and coarse-grained models
The multiscale coarse-graining method. II. Numerical implementation for coarse-grained molecular models
The Courage To Teach: Exploring the Inner Landscape of a Teacher's Life.
A History of Instructional Design and Technology: Part I: A History of Instructional Media.
Predicting protein function from domain content
Amazon S3 for Science Grids: A Viable Solution?
Combining Semantic Web technologies with Multi-Agent Systems for integrated access to biological resources
PuReD-MCL: a graph-based PubMed document clustering methodology
An epistemic dynamic model for tagging systems
Mapping the structural core of human cerebral cortex.
Towards a natural system of organisms: proposal for the domains Archaea, Bacteria, and Eucarya
Identifying gene-disease associations using centrality on a literature mined gene-interaction network.
Extinction risk depends strongly on factors contributing to stochasticity
Systematic conservation planning
The Law of Attraction: The Basics Of The Teachings Of Abraham
Quick & Easy Tsukemono: Japanese Pickling Recipes
Illustrator CS3 for Windows and Macintosh (Visual QuickStart Guide)
The Brain That Changes Itself: Stories of Personal Triumph from the Frontiers of Brain Science (James H. Silberman Books)
Brisingr (Inheritance, Book 3)
Gustave Courbet
Life Sciences and the web: a new era for collaboration.
Column-stores vs. row-stores: how different are they really?
A genome-wide view of the spectrum of spontaneous mutations in yeast
Horizontal gene transfer in eukaryotic evolution.
Tuning gene expression to changing environments: from rapid responses to evolutionary adaptation
NCBI BLAST: a better web interface
Bibliometrics to webometrics
Evaluating different approaches that test whether microbial communities have the same structure
Asymmetric histone modifications between the original and derived loci of human segmental duplications
Phylogenetic Signal in the Eukaryotic Tree of Life
Robust, Tunable Biological Oscillations from Interlinked Positive and Negative Feedback Loops
A global view of gene activity and alternative splicing by deep sequencing of the human transcriptome.
GLOBAL STATE OF BIODIVERSITY AND LOSS
Ontologizer 2.0--a multifunctional tool for GO term enrichment analysis and data exploration
ChemmineR: a compound mining framework for R
Efficient algorithms for accurate hierarchical clustering of huge datasets: tackling the entire protein space
Consensus generation and variant detection by Celera Assembler
Revealing the architecture of gene regulation: the promise of eQTL studies.
The genetics of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Human Computation
Local Function Conservation in Sequence and Structure Space
Fast unfolding of communities in large networks
An Automated Phylogenetic Tree-Based Small Subunit rRNA Taxonomy and Alignment Pipeline (STAP)
Seeded Bayesian Networks: Constructing genetic networks from microarray data
Neuronal Diversity and Temporal Dynamics: The Unity of Hippocampal Circuit Operations
Genome-scale DNA methylation maps of pluripotent and differentiated cells
Video suggestion and discovery for youtube: taking random walks through the view graph
Measuring consciousness: relating behavioural and neurophysiological approaches
Refinement and standardization of synthetic biological parts and devices.
Setting the standard in synthetic biology.
A Bayesian deconvolution strategy for immunoprecipitation-based DNA methylome analysis
Towards a Model of Understanding Social Search
Analysis of Homeodomain Specificities Allows the Family-wide Prediction of Preferred Recognition Sites
Variation in homeodomain DNA binding revealed by high-resolution analysis of sequence preferences.
A unified approach to false discovery rate estimation
Global fish production and climate change
Climate Change Vulnerability Assessments: An Evolution of Conceptual Thinking
The ecology of interfaces: riparian zones
Bioimage informatics: a new area of engineering biology.
Social diversity promotes the emergence of cooperation in public goods games
Web 2.0 tools and processes in higher education: quality perspectives
Building Mashups by example
Switching on and off fear by distinct neuronal circuits
Reliability, synchrony and noise.
High-resolution mapping of meiotic crossovers and non-crossovers in yeast
Mapping Anatomical Connectivity Patterns of Human Cerebral Cortex Using In Vivo Diffusion Tensor Imaging Tractography
Drug Target Identification Using Side-Effect Similarity
Methods for the thematic synthesis of qualitative research in systematic reviews
Evo-Devo and an Expanding Evolutionary Synthesis: A Genetic Theory of Morphological Evolution
Identifying Autism Loci and Genes by Tracing Recent Shared Ancestry
The citation advantage of open-access articles
Behavioral states, network states and sensory response variability.
Unraveling Protein Networks with Power Graph Analysis
Evolution of Evolvability in Gene Regulatory Networks
Conditional variable importance for random forests
Personal Health Records: Definitions, Benefits, and Strategies for Overcoming Barriers to Adoption
The art of community detection
Dispersive optomechanics: a membrane inside a cavity
Experience using web services for biological sequence analysis
Internal brain state regulates membrane potential synchrony in barrel cortex of behaving mice.
Acetylcholine contributes through muscarinic receptors to attentional modulation in V1
Generation of Fock states in a superconducting quantum circuit
Learning Classifiers from Only Positive and Unlabeled Data
Cavity Optomechanics with a Bose-Einstein Condensate
Practical Issues in Imputation-Based Association Mapping
The circumplex model of affect: an integrative approach to affective neuroscience, cognitive development, and psychopathology.
Mistranslation-induced protein misfolding as a dominant constraint on coding-sequence evolution.
Networks and epidemic models.
Targeted Development of Registries of Biological Parts
The Evolution and Distribution of Species Body Size
Electronic Publication and the Narrowing of Science and Scholarship
2005 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and emergency cardiovascular care (ECC) of pediatric and neonatal patients: pediatric basic life support.
Dynamics of genome rearrangement in bacterial populations.
Evaluating MapReduce for Multi-core and Multiprocessor Systems
An improved, bias-reduced probabilistic functional gene network of baker's yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Single-nucleotide mutation rate increases close to insertions/deletions in eukaryotes.
FindPeaks 3.1: a tool for identifying areas of enrichment from massively parallel short-read sequencing technology
Advances in Single-Molecule Fluorescence Methods for Molecular Biology
From E-MAPs to module maps: dissecting quantitative genetic interactions using physical interactions
A user browsing model to predict search engine click data from past observations.
Uncovering individual and collective human dynamics from mobile phone records
Quantum random walks - an introductory overview
Nested Containment List (NCList): a new algorithm for accelerating interval query of genome alignment and interval databases
Gene expressionbased survival prediction in lung adenocarcinoma: a multi-site, blinded validation study
A comprehensive comparison of random forests and support vector machines for microarray-based cancer classification
A comparative study of survival models for breast cancer prognostication based on microarray data: does a single gene beat them all?
Convergence Culture: Where Old and New Media Collide
BioBayes: A Software Package for Bayesian Inference in Systems Biology
Spatio-temporal correlations and visual signalling in a complete neuronal population
The effectiveness of m-learning in the form of podcast revision lectures in higher education
The diversity and biogeography of soil bacterial communities.
Statistical analysis of the social network and discussion threads in slashdot
Twenty-five years of quantitative PCR for gene expression analysis.
Wireless sensor network survey
Resource Partitioning and Sympatric Differentiation Among Closely Related Bacterioplankton
Genomic patterns of recombination, clonal divergence and environment in marine microbial populations
Simultaneous Analysis of All SNPs in Genome-Wide and Re-Sequencing Association Studies
The insulator binding protein CTCF positions 20 nucleosomes around its binding sites across the human genome.
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization: An Analytical and Interpretive Tool in Computational Biology
Tapping Epistemological Resources for Learning Physics
Predicting and Validating Protein Interactions Using Network Structure
Metagenomic signatures of the Peru Margin subseafloor biosphere show a genetically distinct environment
The rational exploration of microbial diversity.
To personalize or not to personalize: modeling queries with variation in user intent
Social software: fun and games, or business tools?
Rapid Prototyping of Microfluidic Systems in Poly(dimethylsiloxane)
The public road to high-quality curated biological pathways
Integrating protein-protein interactions and text mining for protein function prediction
Protein Complex Evolution Does Not Involve Extensive Network Rewiring
What is special about the ethical issues in online research?
The temporal precision of reward prediction in dopamine neurons
Towards Semantic Search
The use of theory in information science research
The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Series on Digital Media and Learning
The literature of bibliometrics, scientometrics, and informetrics
Organizational Change and development
The myopia of learning
Selecting good expansion terms for pseudo-relevance feedback
Exploring folksonomy for personalized search
Measurement of the Elastic Properties and Intrinsic Strength of Monolayer Graphene
The reorienting system of the human brain: from environment to theory of mind.
TF-IDF uncovered: a study of theories and probabilities
Accountabilities of presence: reframing location-based systems
Mobile Communication and Society: A Global Perspective
Observation of quantum-measurement backaction with an ultracold atomic gas
Substantial biases in ultra-short read data sets from high-throughput DNA sequencing
The CellML Model Repository
High-throughput sequencing provides insights into genome variation and evolution in Salmonella Typhi.
The implications of human metabolic network topology for disease comorbidity
Real-time automatic tag recommendation
Efficient top-k querying over social-tagging networks
Social tag prediction
Injury Increases the Risk for PTSD: An Examination of Potential Neurobiological and Psychological Mediators
Integrating metabolic, transcriptional regulatory and signal transduction models in Escherichia coli
Asymmetric Amplitude Modulations of Brain Oscillations Generate Slow Evoked Responses
Widespread changes in protein synthesis induced by microRNAs
The impact of microRNAs on protein output
ICT in supporting collaborative learning: pedagogy and practice
Integrating biological data - the Distributed Annotation System
Comparative Analysis of Human Gut Microbiota by Barcoded Pyrosequencing
Accelerating the Annotation of Sparse Named Entities by Dynamic Sentence Selection
Definition, structure, content, use and impacts of electronic health records: a review of the research literature.
Alta-Cyclic: a self-optimizing base caller for next-generation sequencing
Metabolic gene regulation in a dynamically changing environment
{Principles of Instructional Design}
An HMM approach to genome-wide identification of differential histone modification sites from ChIP-seq data
Scalable Parallel Programming with CUDA
Patterns of Positive Selection in Six Mammalian Genomes
Open access publishing, article downloads, and citations: randomised controlled trial
Quantum interface between light and atomic ensembles
Simon and Polanyi on Rationality and Knowledge
Proteopedia - a scientific 'wiki' bridging the rift between three-dimensional structure and function of biomacromolecules
Predicting Pathway Membership via Domain Signatures
Minimal Forward Checking
Why Do Hubs in the Yeast Protein Interaction Network Tend To Be Essential: Reexamining the Connection between the Network Topology and Essentiality
High-Precision, Whole-Genome Sequencing of Laboratory Strains Facilitates Genetic Studies
The discovery of structural form
A critical evaluation of location based services and their potential
A Second Life for eHealth: Prospects for the Use of 3-D Virtual Worlds in Clinical Psychology
Larrabee: a many-core x86 architecture for visual computing
Fast multipole methods on graphics processors
Complex and Adaptive Dynamical Systems: A Primer
Lectures on Probability, Entropy, and Statistical Physics
Health 2.0 and Medicine 2.0: Tensions and Controversies in the Field
Cavity Opto-Mechanics
High-order combination effects and biological robustness
Constraints imposed by non-functional protein-protein interactions on gene expression and proteome size.
High-throughput, quantitative analyses of genetic interactions in E. coli
Genome-wide identification of in vivo protein-DNA binding sites from ChIP-Seq data
Evolution of the mammalian transcription factor binding repertoire via transposable elements
Performing statistical analyses on quantitative data in Taverna workflows: an example using R and maxdBrowse to identify differentially-expressed genes from microarray data.
Survival of the sparsest: robust gene networks are parsimonious
Cumulative cultural evolution in the laboratory: An experimental approach to the origins of structure in human language
Introducing categories to the practicing physicist
A Complete Neandertal Mitochondrial Genome Sequence Determined by High-Throughput Sequencing
The New Institutionalism: Organizational Factors in Political Life
ZOOM! Zillions of oligos mapped
An intronic microRNA silences genes that are functionally antagonistic to its host gene.
p53 Target Genes Sestrin1 and Sestrin2 Connect Genotoxic Stress and mTOR Signaling
Combining transcriptional datasets using the generalized singular value decomposition.
Socialtrust: tamper-resilient trust establishment in online communities
Segment-based multiple sequence alignment
Fluorescence-based methods in the study of protein-protein interactions in living cells.
ThemeRiver: visualizing theme changes over time
Annotation of metagenome short reads using proxygenes
An integrative approach for predicting interactions of protein regions
Detection of 3D atomic similarities and their use in the discrimination of small molecule protein-binding sites
Neural correlates, computation and behavioural impact of decision confidence.
Drug discovery in the era of Facebooknew tools for scientific networking
Feedback Effects between Similarity and Social Influence in Online Communities.
Tastes, ties, and time: A new social network dataset using Facebook.com
A fast algorithm for the maximum clique problem?
Iron Behaving Badly: Inappropriate Iron Chelation as a Major Contributor to the Aetiology of Vascular and Other Progressive Inflammatory and Degenerative Diseases
Optimal spliced alignments of short sequence reads.
BioJava: an Open-Source Framework for Bioinformatics
A general definition and nomenclature for alternative splicing events.
Three-dimensional optical metamaterial with a negative refractive index
SECI, Ba and Leadership: a Unified Model of Dynamic Knowledge Creation
Attention and awareness in stage magic: turning tricks into research
SeqMap: mapping massive amount of oligonucleotides to the genome
On the origin of distribution patterns of motifs in biological networks
A structured approach for the engineering of biochemical network models, illustrated for signalling pathways
CHARMMing: A New, Flexible Web Portal for CHARMM
Penalized feature selection and classification in bioinformatics.
A Formal Basis for the Heuristic Determination of Minimum Cost Paths
Testing the speed of 
Dynamic energy landscape view of coupled binding and protein conformational change: Induced-fit versus population-shift mechanisms
A Semantic Web Management Model for Integrative Biomedical Informatics
reCAPTCHA: Human-Based Character Recognition via Web Security Measures
Selective Constraints in Experimentally Defined Primate Regulatory Regions
Genetic Variation in an Individual Human Exome
Geometric interpretation of gene coexpression network analysis.
Impact of personal and cultural factors on knowledge sharing in China
The Synergizer service for translating gene, protein and other biological identifiers.
Connecting microRNA Genes to the Core Transcriptional Regulatory Circuitry of Embryonic Stem Cells
Applications of next-generation sequencing technologies in functional genomics.
The Collective Dynamics of Smoking in a Large Social Network
SIRENE: supervised inference of regulatory networks.
Facebook for scientists: requirements and services for optimizing how scientific collaborations are established.
Action anticipation and motor resonance in elite basketball players
The Intersection of Online Social Networking with Medical Professionalism
Opinion mining and sentiment analysis
Towards a cyberinfrastructure for the biological sciences: progress, visions and challenges
ProSOM: core promoter prediction based on unsupervised clustering of DNA physical profiles
Resolving Tag Ambiguity
Assessing the performance of implicit solvation models at a nucleic acid surface.
Applications of real-time fMRI
Multilabel classification via calibrated label ranking
Combining multivariate voxel selection and support vector machines for mapping and classification of fMRI spatial patterns.
Rapid shifts in plant distribution with recent climate change
Mapping short DNA sequencing reads and calling variants using mapping quality scores
The Genome Sequencer FLX System--longer reads, more applications, straight forward bioinformatics and more complete data sets.
Interhemispheric correlations of slow spontaneous neuronal fluctuations revealed in human sensory cortex.
Divergence of fMRI and neural signals in V1 during perceptual suppression in the awake monkey
A study of methods for negative relevance feedback
The impact of research on the development of middleware technology
Get Another Label? Improving Data Quality and Data Mining Using Multiple, Noisy Labelers
Strong regularities in online peer production
A performance study of general-purpose applications on graphics processors using CUDA
Genome-wide analysis of transcription factor binding sites based on ChIP-Seq data
A toolkit for analysing large-scale plant small RNA datasets
A survey of autonomic computing---degrees, models, and applications
High-quality binary protein interaction map of the yeast interactome network.
Community detection in complex networks using Extremal Optimization
Influentials, Networks, and Public Opinion Formation
Modularity clustering is force-directed layout
Tracing information flow on a global scale using Internet chain-letter data
Synthetic biology through biomolecular design and engineering.
Modeling ChIP sequencing in silico with applications.
Gene Vector Analysis (Geneva): a unified method to detect differentially-regulated gene sets and similar microarray experiments.
Decomposability in Knowledge Structures and Its Impact on the Usefulness of Inventions and Knowledge-base Malleability
The Network Structure of Exploration and Exploitation
Structured machine learning: the next ten years
Integrating expression data with domain interaction networks
Seeder: discriminative seeding DNA motif discovery
The Claremont Report on Database Research
ITFP: an integrated platform of mammalian transcription factors
Medicine 2.0: Social Networking, Collaboration, Participation, Apomediation, and Openness
Comparing simulation results of SBML capable simulators.
Regulatory networks define phenotypic classes of human stem cell lines
PHYML Onlinea web server for fast maximum likelihood-based phylogenetic inference
STRING: a web-server to retrieve and display the repeatedly occurring neighbourhood of a gene
Laws of Population Growth
Born Digital: Understanding the First Generation of Digital Natives
PathCase: pathways database system.
Energy-dependent fitness: A quantitative model for the evolution of yeast transcription factor binding sites
[Without Title]
Preferential regulation of duplicated genes by microRNAs in mammals
A wiki for the life sciences where authorship matters
A comparison of random sequence reads versus 16S rDNA sequences for estimating the biodiversity of a metagenomic library
A common sequence motif associated with recombination hot spots and genome instability in humans
Multiplex sequencing of plant chloroplast genomes using Solexa sequencing-by-synthesis technology
Accessing and integrating data and knowledge for biomedical research.
Offloading Cognition onto Cognitive Technology
Quantum dots versus organic dyes as fluorescent labels
Assessing the feasibility of GS FLX Pyrosequencing for sequencing the Atlantic salmon genome
Seeding and Propagation of Untransformed Mouse Mammary Cells in the Lung
Resolving individuals contributing trace amounts of DNA to highly complex mixtures using high-density SNP genotyping microarrays.
Categories for the practising physicist
The dynamic brain: from spiking neurons to neural masses and cortical fields.
Detecting Synonyms in Social Tagging Systems to Improve Content Retrieval
A catalog of neutral and deleterious polymorphism in yeast.
Merge: a programming model for heterogeneous multi-core systems
A Resource-Based View of the Firm
A nine year study of file system and storage benchmarking
Macromolecular modeling with rosetta.
Methodology capture: discriminating between the "best" and the rest of community practice.
A Systematic Methodology for Defining Coarse-Grained Sites in Large Biomolecules
More Really is Different
{Robustness and evolvability: a paradox resolved}
A probability ranking principle for interactive information retrieval
Models from experiments: combinatorial drug perturbations of cancer cells
Linking spontaneous activity of single cortical neurons and the underlying functional architecture.
Gene prediction in novel fungal genomes using an ab initio algorithm with unsupervised training.
Bosque: integrated phylogenetic analysis software
Phylogenetic Inference Using Whole Genomes
Genes mirror geography within Europe
Tissue cells feel and respond to the stiffness of their substrate
Configurations of fluid membranes and vesicles
Learning deep architectures for AI
Human-Specific Gain of Function in a Developmental Enhancer
Network-based prediction of human tissue-specific metabolism
Information extraction from Wikipedia: moving down the long tail
Internally Generated Reactivation of Single Neurons in Human Hippocampus During Free Recall
Internally Generated Cell Assembly Sequences in the Rat Hippocampus
A microRNA DNA methylation signature for human cancer metastasis
A probabilistic generative model for GO enrichment analysis
An Integrated Genomic Analysis of Human Glioblastoma Multiforme
Core signaling pathways in human pancreatic cancers revealed by global genomic analyses.
The first-mover advantage in scientific publication
Insights into ProteinDNA Interactions through Structure Network Analysis
Phylocom: software for the analysis of phylogenetic community structure and trait evolution
Replay of rulelearning related neural patterns in the prefrontal cortex during sleep
DrugViz: a Cytoscape plugin for visualizing and analyzing small molecule drugs in biological networks.
{Unraveling transcriptional regulatory programs by integrative analysis of microarray and transcription factor binding data}
Primary microRNA transcripts are processed co-transcriptionally
From del.icio.us to x.qui.site:               Recommendations in Social Tagging Sites
Cross-validation and bootstrapping are unreliable in small sample classification
Robust and efficient identification of biomarkers by classifying features on graphs.
Comprehensive genomic characterization defines human glioblastoma genes and core pathways
Integrated detection and population-genetic analysis of SNPs and copy number variation
Density-functional thermochemistry. III. The role of exact exchange
High-resolution metagenomics targets specific functional types in complex microbial communities
Deja vu: a database of highly similar citations in the scientific literature
Categorization of services for seeking information in biomedical literature: a typology for improvement of practice
A robust statistical method for case-control association testing with copy number variation.
FACTA: a text search engine for finding associated biomedical concepts.
Nominalization and Alternations in Biomedical Language
Fast Support Vector Machine Training and Classification on Graphics Processors
Improved recommendation based on collaborative tagging behaviors
Rapid whole-genome mutational profiling using next-generation sequencing technologies
The query-flow graph: model and applications
Systematic assessment of copy number variant detection via genome-wide SNP genotyping.
Unsupervised natural experience rapidly alters invariant object representation in visual cortex.
Using Wiki technology to support student engagement: Lessons from the trenches
Measuring microRNAs:  Comparisons of microarray and quantitative PCR measurements, and of different total RNA prep methods
Functional Copy-Number Alterations in Cancer
Is Mate Choice in Humans MHC-Dependent?
Species-Specific Transcription in Mice Carrying Human Chromosome 21
Evolution, Population Structure, and Phylogeography of Genetically Monomorphic Bacterial Pathogens
Unified relevance models for rating prediction in collaborative filtering
F-Seq: a feature density estimator for high-throughput sequence tags
The Division of Labor in Society
Prevolutionary dynamics and the origin of evolution
Finding Contradictions in Text
Growth of the flickr social network
Integrated genotype calling and association analysis of SNPs, common copy number polymorphisms and rare CNVs
Health information, the Internet, and the digital divide
Gene set enrichment analysis using linear models and diagnostics.
Dominance and the evolutionary accumulation of cis- and trans-effects on gene expression
Remus: High Availability via Asynchronous Virtual Machine Replication
A C. elegans genome-scale microRNA network contains composite feedback motifs with high flux capacity.
Programmed cell death.
Model-based Analysis of ChIP-Seq (MACS)
MicroRNAs to Nanog, Oct4 and Sox2 coding regions modulate embryonic stem cell differentiation
SKN-1 links C. elegans mesendodermal specification to a conserved oxidative stress response.
Oxidative stress and aging: the use of superoxide dismutase/catalase mimetics to extend lifespan.
CBESW: sequence alignment on the Playstation 3.
Effects of habitat fragmentation on biodiversity
Human uniqueness: genome interactions with environment, behaviour and culture
Construct design for efficient, effective and high-throughput gene silencing in plants
The whole alignment and nothing but the alignment: the problem of spurious alignment flanks.
The balance of reproducibility, sensitivity, and specificity of lists of differentially expressed genes in microarray studies
An Approximate Bayesian Estimator Suggests Strong, Recurrent Selective Sweeps in Drosophila
Crowdsourcing, Attention and Productivity
A Brief History of the Internet
Systematic bioinformatic analysis of expression levels of 17,330 human genes across 9,783 samples from 175 types of healthy and pathological tissues
Quercetin Protects Against Acute Immobilization Stress-Induced Behaviors and Biochemical Alterations in Mice
CI-KNOW: recommendation based on social networks
The metagenomics RAST server - a public resource for the automatic phylogenetic and functional analysis of metagenomes
Exercise affects glutamate receptors in postsynaptic densities from cortical mice brain
Digital Copyright
Probabilistic phylogenetic inference with insertions and deletions.
Innate immunity and intestinal microbiota in the development of Type 1 diabetes
The anatomy of prototypes: Prototypes as filters, prototypes as manifestations of design ideas
Search for computational modules in the C. elegans brain.
R/parallel - speeding up bioinformatics analysis with R
Longevity genes: from primitive organisms to humans.
Cavity Optomechanics: Back-Action at the Mesoscale
Modelling and analysis of gene regulatory networks
Toward an epistemology of Wikipedia
Blueberry polyphenols increase lifespan and thermotolerance in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Network inference using informative priors
Oxidative Stress Enzymes are Required for DAF-16 Mediated Immunity due to Generation of Reactive Oxygen Species by C. elegans.
The infinite sites model of genome evolution.
Large-scale reconstruction and phylogenetic analysis of metabolic environments
Frequency-modulated nuclear localization bursts coordinate gene regulation
Complementary Therapies for Neuropathic and Neuralgic Pain: Systematic Review.
Databases as Scientific Instruments and Their Role in the Ordering of         Scientific Work
Crystal structure of opsin in its G-protein-interacting conformation
A few chirps about twitter
Presenting and exploring biological pathways with PathVisio.
Cancer stem cells in solid tumours: accumulating evidence and unresolved questions.
Prefrontal-Subcortical Pathways Mediating Successful Emotion Regulation
Direct inhibition of the longevity-promoting factor SKN-1 by insulin-like signaling in C. elegans.
Computational prediction of RNA structural motifs involved in posttranscriptional regulatory processes.
Digital Ethnography
Sequencing of natural strains of Arabidopsis thaliana with short reads
A bioinformatics tool for linking gene expression profiling results with public databases of microRNA target predictions
Conservation and Rewiring of Functional Modules Revealed by an Epistasis Map in Fission Yeast
The Line of Grace: Principles of Road Aesthetics in the Design of the Blue Ridge Parkway
Databases, data tombs and dust in the wind
Ecological Models and Data in R
Gene-Boosted Assembly of a Novel Bacterial Genome from Very Short Reads
Adaptive feedback generation to support teachers in web-based distance education
A Genomewide Functional Network for the Laboratory Mouse
Theory building from cases: Opportunities and challenges
Protein co-evolution, co-adaptation and interactions.
NMR structures of two designed proteins with high sequence identity but different fold and function
PNUTS: Yahoo!s Hosted Data Serving Platform
Conceptualizing personal media
Microscopic evolution of social networks
Influence and correlation in social networks
Identification of genetic variants using bar-coded multiplexed sequencing
Comprehensive mass-spectrometry-based proteome quantification of haploid versus diploid yeast
Cosmological perturbations
Flexible ligand docking to multiple receptor conformations: a practical alternative.
Learner and instructor identified success factors in distance education
A Specificity Map for the PDZ Domain Family
The convergence of carbohydrate active gene repertoires in human gut microbes
BibGlimpse: The case for a light-weight reprint manager in distributed literature research
Learning from labeled features using generalized expectation criteria
Statistical Challenges in Preprocessing in Microarray Experiments in Cancer
How to identify emerging research fields using scientometrics: An example in the field of Information Security
Challenges in the development of an HIV-1 vaccine.
The Rest is Noise: Listening to the Twentieth Century
Bayesian learning of biological pathways on genomic data assimilation
Phylogenetic distances are encoded in networks of interacting pathways.
Physical protein-protein interactions predicted from microarrays
Structural biology by NMR: structure, dynamics, and interactions.
Linking genes to literature: text mining, information extraction, and retrieval applications for biology
Approximate Bayesian computation scheme for parameter inference and model selection in dynamical systems
Thermodynamic signature of growing amorphous order in glass-forming liquids
The meaning of gene positioning.
Removal of AU bias from microarray mRNA expression data enhances computational identification of active microRNAs.
Identifying differentially expressed subnetworks with MMG.
Undergraduate Lecture Notes in Topological Quantum Field Theory
A minimalist network model for coarse-grained normal mode analysis and its application to biomolecular x-ray crystallography.
Theory of ultracold atomic Fermi gases
Genetic association analysis of copy-number variation (CNV) in human disease pathogenesis.
Predicting transcription factor specificity with all-atom models.
PID: the Pathway Interaction Database.
Early origins and evolution of microRNAs and Piwi-interacting RNAs in animals
Discarding functional residues from the substitution table improves predictions of active sites within three-dimensional structures.
Exploring social annotations for web document classification
Workflows and e-Science: An overview of workflow system features and capabilities
XplorSeq: A software environment for integrated management and phylogenetic analysis of metagenomic sequence data
CoGemiR: a comparative genomics microRNA database.
Global Reorganization of Replication Domains During Embryonic Stem Cell Differentiation
A Theory of Dark Matter
Bringing Web 2.0 to bioinformatics.
The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction, Second Edition (Springer Series in Statistics)
MetaSim: a sequencing simulator for genomics and metagenomics.
Tools for simulating evolution of aligned genomic regions with integrated parameter estimation.
The development and impact of 454 sequencing
What would you do if you could sequence everything?
Next-generation DNA sequencing
The potential and challenges of nanopore sequencing
A consensus yeast metabolic network reconstruction obtained from a community approach to systems biology
Environmental Genomics Reveals a Single-Species Ecosystem Deep Within Earth
Network Analysis Tools: from biological networks to clusters and pathways
Gene-set analysis and reduction
Text mining for biology - the way forward: opinions from leading scientists
High-Resolution Mapping of Expression-QTLs Yields Insight into Human Gene Regulation
Efficient mapping of Applied Biosystems SOLiD sequence data to a reference genome for functional genomic applications
Neuromimetic Semantics
Failure in identification of overlapping spikes from multiple neuron activity causes artificial correlations
An extensible infrastructure for fully automated spike sorting during online experiments
HermesB: A continuous neural recording system for freely behaving primates
Mining Meaning from Wikipedia
Analysis of copy number variants and segmental duplications in the human genome: Evidence for a change in the process of formation in recent evolutionary history
Reconstruction of Zebrafish Early Embryonic Development by Scanned Light Sheet Microscopy
Correlated evolution of interacting proteins: looking behind the mirrortree.
Probabilistic base calling of Solexa sequencing data
A neural code for three-dimensional object shape in macaque inferotemporal cortex.
Introducing meta-services for biomedical information extraction
Personalizing Navigation in Folksonomies Using Hierarchical Tag Clustering
SparTag.us: a low cost tagging system for foraging of web content
Genome-wide nucleotide-level mammalian ancestor reconstruction
Forget Time
A simple, fast, and accurate method of phylogenomic inference
GSEA-SNP: Applying Gene Set Enrichment Analysis to SNP data from genome-wide association studies
The quest for orthologs: finding the corresponding gene across genomes.
Multi-University Research Teams: Shifting Impact, Geography, and Stratification in Science
MicroRNA-directed transcriptional gene silencing in mammalian cells
Genetic basis of human brain evolution.
Hierarchically organized behavior and its neural foundations: a reinforcement learning perspective.
The molecular neurobiology of depression.
Evolutionary computation for discovery of composite transcription factor binding sites
BioVenn - a web application for the comparison and visualization of biological lists using area-proportional Venn diagrams.
BioCaster: detecting public health rumors with a Web-based text mining system.
CMA - a comprehensive Bioconductor package for supervised classification with high dimensional data
Making Computer Games and Design Thinking: A Review of Current Software and Strategies
Phylogenetic analysis of community assembly and structure over space and time
How markets slowly digest changes in supply and demand
Higher-Order Cellular Information Processing with Synthetic RNA Devices
A Stochastic Single-Molecule Event Triggers Phenotype Switching of a Bacterial Cell
Surface Sites for Engineering Allosteric Control in Proteins
Nature, Nurture, or Chance: Stochastic Gene Expression and Its Consequences
Direct control of paralysed muscles by cortical neurons
Cytokine-induced signaling networks prioritize dynamic range over signal strength.
Analysis of regulatory network topology reveals functionally distinct classes of microRNAs
ChromaSig: A Probabilistic Approach to Finding Common Chromatin Signatures in the Human Genome
A Survey on Transfer Learning
An Investigation of the Statistical Power of Neutrality Tests Based on Comparative and Population Genetic Data
Epistasis--the essential role of gene interactions in the structure and evolution of genetic systems.
A quantitative model of transcription factoractivated gene expression
Analyzing Flickr Groups
miROrtho: computational survey of microRNA genes.
miR2Disease: a manually curated database for microRNA deregulation in human disease.
Deep sequencing-based expression analysis shows major advances in robustness, resolution and inter-lab portability over five microarray platforms
Artemis and ACT: viewing, annotating and comparing sequences stored in a relational database.
Traffic-sensitive controllers for multi-car elevators; design, multi-objective optimization and analysis
A Simple Introduction to Particle Physics
High Rate of Recent Transposable ElementInduced Adaptation in Drosophila melanogaster
Video Retrieval Based on Semantic Concepts
N-nitrosamine generation from ingested nitrate via nitric oxide in subjects with and without gastroesophageal reflux.
Bluejay 1.0: genome browsing and comparison with rich customization provision and dynamic resource linking.
Role of interleukin-6 in chronic muscle hyperalgesic priming.
Market-Oriented Cloud Computing: Vision, Hype, and Reality for Delivering IT Services as Computing Utilities
Expression-based Pathway Signature Analysis (EPSA): mining publicly available microarray data for insight into human disease.
Multiscale methods for macromolecular simulations.
Increase of insulin sensitivity and reversal of age-dependent glucose intolerance with inhibition of ASIC3.
Creating and sharing clinical decision support content with Web 2.0: Issues and examples.
{Community Structure in Graphs}
The Protein Feature Ontology: a tool for the unification of protein feature annotations.
InterPro: the integrative protein signature database
Small-scale copy number variation and large-scale changes in gene expression
The good, the bad and the wiki: Evaluating student-generated content for collaborative learning
Culture's consequences: Comparing values, behaviors, institutions, and organizations across nations
Sharing Vocabularies: Tag Usage in CiteULike
Bone-derived IGF-1 enhances bone pain through activation of acid-sensing nociceptors in bone metastases of breast cancer
An End to Endless Forms: Epistasis, Phenotype Distribution Bias, and Nonuniform Evolution
Fusion and Fission of Genes Define a Metric between Fungal Genomes
Aggressive assembly of pyrosequencing reads with mates
Creative elements: network-based predictions of active centres in proteins and cellular and social networks
Enredo and Pecan: Genome-wide mammalian consistency-based multiple alignment with paralogs
Prediction of human miRNAs using tissue-selective motifs in 3 UTRs
Guarding the gateway to cortex with attention in visual thalamus.
Genomics of bacteria and archaea: the emerging dynamic view of the prokaryotic world.
Protein networks markedly improve prediction of subcellular localization in multiple eukaryotic species.
Poisson approximation for significance in genome-wide ChIP-chip tiling arrays
Characterizing social cascades in flickr
STRING 8--a global view on proteins and their functional interactions in 630 organisms.
Introduction to quantum noise, measurement, and amplification
Assessing the relevance of node features for network structure
Biclustering via optimal re-ordering of data matrices in systems biology: rigorous methods and comparative studies
Functional organization of the transcriptome in human brain.
Comparative genomics and the study of evolution by natural selection
Diverse RNA-binding proteins interact with functionally related sets of RNAs, suggesting an extensive regulatory system.
MetaMine - A tool to detect and analyse gene patterns in their environmental context
The GOA database in 2009--an integrated Gene Ontology Annotation resource.
Predicting Unobserved Phenotypes for Complex Traits from Whole-Genome SNP Data
minet: A R/Bioconductor Package for Inferring Large Transcriptional Networks Using Mutual Information
Computational cluster validation for microarray data analysis: experimental assessment of Clest, Consensus Clustering, Figure of Merit, Gap Statistics and Model Explorer
Whom Should I Trust? The Impact of Key Figures on Cold Start Recommendations
Models of coding sequence evolution.
Promise and Pitfalls of Extending Google's PageRank Algorithm to Citation Networks
Internet social network communities: Risk taking, trust, and privacy concerns
Positional distribution of human transcription factor binding sites.
Dispensability of mammalian DNA
Defrosting the digital library: bibliographic tools for the next generation web.
A fast, robust and tunable synthetic gene oscillator
Network pharmacology: the next paradigm in drug discovery
Boolean implication networks derived from large scale, whole genome microarray datasets
Cheap and Fast  But is it Good? Evaluating Non-Expert Annotations for Natural Language Tasks
Differential privacy
A new method to compute K-mer frequencies and its application to annotate large repetitive plant genomes
Low-pass shotgun sequencing of the barley genome facilitates rapid identification of genes, conserved non-coding sequences and novel repeats
Genomewide analysis of PRC1 and PRC2 occupancy identifies two classes of bivalent domains.
Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Binds to TRPV1 and Mediates NGF-stimulated TRPV1 Trafficking to the Plasma Membrane
Universality of citation distributions: Toward an objective measure of scientific impact
Alternative isoform regulation in human tissue transcriptomes.
Real-world concurrency
Most mammalian mRNAs are conserved targets of microRNAs
Learning transcriptional regulatory networks from high throughput gene expression data using continuous three-way mutual information
Phylogenetic Approaches to the Study of Extinction
Population Genetic Inference From Resequencing Data
Bodyspace: Anthropometry, Ergonomics and the Design of Work, Third Edition
Detecting microRNA binding and siRNA off-target effects from expression data.
Neutralism and selectionism: a network-based reconciliation
Network Hubs Buffer Environmental Variation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
MicroRNAs in cancer.
Predicting the popularity of online content
A relation based measure of semantic similarity for Gene Ontology annotations
Why Model?
Personalized recommendation in social tagging systems using hierarchical clustering
Genome-wide relationship between histone H3 lysine 4 mono- and tri-methylation and transcription factor binding.
Real World Haskell
Accurate whole human genome sequencing using reversible terminator chemistry.
The diploid genome sequence of an Asian individual
DNA sequencing of a cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukaemia genome
BRENDA, AMENDA and FRENDA the enzyme information system: new content and tools in 2009.
The Organization of the Bacterial Genome
Soil eukaryotic functional diversity, a metatranscriptomic approach.
Evaluation of GO-based functional similarity measures using S. cerevisiae protein interaction and expression profile data.
Personal Genomes: When consent gets in the way
Quinones and aromatic chemical compounds in particulate matter induce mitochondrial dysfunction: implications for ultrafine particle toxicity.
The molecular face of lipid rafts in model membranes
Learning OpenCV: Computer Vision with the OpenCV Library
Deep surveying of alternative splicing complexity in the human transcriptome by high-throughput sequencing
Slider--maximum use of probability information for alignment of short sequence reads and SNP detection
High-throughput chromatin information enables accurate tissue-specific prediction of transcription factor binding sites.
Genetic mapping in human disease.
Spontaneous changes of neocortical code for associative memory during consolidation.
OWL 2: The next step for OWL
A novel signaling pathway impact analysis
High-resolution copy-number variation map reflects human olfactory receptor diversity and evolution.
Distinct Modes of Regulation by Chromatin Encoded through Nucleosome Positioning Signals
Facilitated variation: how evolution learns from past environments to generalize to new environments.
Inferring pathway activity toward precise disease classification.
An integrated software system for analyzing ChIP-chip and ChIP-seq data
Activity motifs reveal principles of timing in transcriptional control of the yeast metabolic network
Learning biological networks: from modules to dynamics
Genome-Wide Analysis of Human Disease Alleles Reveals That Their Locations Are Correlated in Paralogous Proteins
Reactome knowledgebase of human biological pathways and processes.
PIPs: human protein-protein interaction prediction database.
Expression of 24,426 human alternative splicing events and predicted cis regulation in 48 tissues and cell lines.
Matching task profiles and user needs in personalized web search
How does clickthrough data reflect retrieval quality?
Understanding the relationship between searchers' queries and information goals
Mining term association patterns from search logs for effective query reformulation
Ranking in folksonomy systems: can context help?
Using RSAT to scan genome sequences for transcription factor binding sites and cis-regulatory modules.
ArrayExpress update--from an archive of functional genomics experiments to the atlas of gene expression.
Patterns and collective behavior in granular media: Theoretical concepts
Social Ranking: Uncovering Relevant Content Using Tag-based Recommender Systems
Can all tags be used for search?
Rosuvastatin to Prevent Vascular Events in Men and Women with Elevated C-Reactive Protein
Empirical studies of agile software development: A systematic review
CREDO: A protein-ligand interaction database for drug discovery.
Accelerated ovarian failure induced by 4-vinyl cyclohexene diepoxide in Nrf2 null mice.
miRecords: an integrated resource for microRNA-target interactions.
High-resolution human core-promoter prediction with CoreBoost_HM
Discrete Time Filters for Doubly Stochastic Poisson Processes and Other Exponential Noise Models
A comprehensive functional analysis of tissue specificity of human gene expression.
CoCoNUT: an efficient system for the comparison and analysis of genomes
Identifying positioned nucleosomes with epigenetic marks in human from ChIP-Seq.
The Ribosomal Database Project: improved alignments and new tools for rRNA analysis.
Human genomes as email attachments
ArrayPlex: distributed, interactive and programmatic access to genome sequence, annotation, ontology, and analytical toolsets
What Things Do: Philosophical Reflections on Technology, Agency, And Design
Genomic loss of microRNA-101 leads to overexpression of histone methyltransferase EZH2 in cancer.
Bringing physics to the surface
Investigating the correspondence between transcriptomic and proteomic expression profiles using coupled cluster models
e-Science: relieving bottlenecks in large-scale genome analyses
Synonymous Genes Explore Different Evolutionary Landscapes
Effects of ginkgo biloba extract EGb761 on expression of RAGE and LRP-1 in cerebral microvascular endothelial cells under chronic hypoxia and hypoglycemia.
The net of life: Reconstructing the microbial phylogenetic network
CellProfiler Analyst: data exploration and analysis software for complex image-based screens
Horizontal gene transfer of the algal nuclear gene psbO to the photosynthetic sea slug Elysia chlorotica
Benchmarking GPUs to tune dense linear algebra
Resveratrol and 4-hydroxynonenal act in concert to increase glutamate cysteine ligase expression and glutathione in human bronchial epithelial cells.
A Hierarchy of Time-Scales and the Brain
Hierarchical Models in the Brain
WebTables: exploring the power of tables on the web
Lead, Chemical Porphyria, and Heme as a Biological Mediator
Turning a hobby into a job: How duplicated genes find new functions
Transcription factor Nrf2 activation by inorganic arsenic in cultured keratinocytes: involvement of hydrogen peroxide.
The Pervasive Effects of an Antibiotic on the Human Gut Microbiota, as Revealed by Deep 16S rRNA Sequencing
Identifying differential correlation in gene/pathway combinations
Barriers to the Advance of Organizational Science: Paradigm Development as a Dependent Variable
DNAPlotter: circular and linear interactive genome visualization
MotifMap: a human genome-wide map of candidate regulatory motif sites
Sequencing the nuclear genome of the extinct woolly mammoth
Training set expansion: an approach to improving the reconstruction of biological networks from limited and uneven reliable interactions
Quantum algorithm for solving linear systems of equations
Tree, funny, to_read, google: what are tags supposed to achieve? a comparative analysis of user keywords for different digital resource types
ProtorP: a protein-protein interaction analysis server
RNA-Seq: a revolutionary tool for transcriptomics.
Real-Time DNA Sequencing from Single Polymerase Molecules
Nrf2 is a critical regulator of the innate immune response and survival during experimental sepsis
Toward an understanding of bug fix patterns
Optimizing Spatial filters for Robust EEG Single-Trial Analysis
De novo assembly using low-coverage short read sequence data from the rice pathogen Pseudomonas syringae pv. oryzae.
Dynamic Proteomics of Individual Cancer Cells in Response to a Drug
Gene regulation in primates evolves under tissue-specific selection pressures.
Fluorescent probes for super-resolution imaging in living cells
The Spreading of Disorder
Neutrality and Robustness in Evo-Devo: Emergence of Lateral Inhibition
Genome and proteome annotation: organization, interpretation and integration.
Human volition: towards a neuroscience of will.
Design principles of biochemical oscillators.
Exploring Microbial Diversity and Taxonomy Using SSU rRNA Hypervariable Tag Sequencing
A formal analysis and taxonomy of task allocation in multi-robot systems
Disintegration of the Ecological Community
Analysis of combinatorial cis-regulation in synthetic and genomic promoters
Electronic Journals and Changes in Scholarly Article Seeking and Reading Patterns
How Colorful Was Your Day? Why Questionnaires Cannot Assess Presence in Virtual Environments
Teaching for Quality Learning at University (Society for Research Into Highter Education)
Tabulator: Exploring and analyzing linked data on the semantic web
Detecting influenza epidemics using search engine query data
Whole-cell 3D STORM reveals interactions between cellular structures with nanometer-scale resolution
What if Time Really Exists?
A general framework for multiple testing dependence
The long tail of recommender systems and how to leverage it
Integrating tags in a semantic content-based recommender
EMAAS: an extensible grid-based rich internet application for microarray data analysis and management.
Articles by latin american authors in prestigious journals have fewer citations.
A large genome center's improvements to the Illumina sequencing system
Decline in transcriptional activity of Nrf2 causes age-related loss of glutathione synthesis, which is reversible with lipoic acid
Nrf2 activation by sulforaphane restores the age-related decrease of T(H)1 immunity: role of dendritic cells.
A multilayer ontology-based hybrid recommendation model
EnsemblCompara GeneTrees: Complete, duplication-aware phylogenetic trees in vertebrates
CORE_TF: a user-friendly interface to identify evolutionary conserved transcription factor binding sites in sets of co-regulated genes.
Stimulus contrast modulates functional connectivity in visual cortex.
Pro-oxidative diesel exhaust particle chemicals inhibit LPS-induced dendritic cell responses involved in T-helper differentiation.
AmiGO: online access to ontology and annotation data
Genome Environment Browser (GEB): a dynamic browser for visualising high-throughput experimental data in the context of genome features.
Microarray-based gene set analysis: a comparison of current methods.
Annotation of Mammalian Primary microRNAs
Arena3D: visualization of biological networks in 3D
Bioinformatics enrichment tools: paths toward the comprehensive functional analysis of large gene lists
MicroRNA target site polymorphisms and human disease.
In-depth characterization of the microRNA transcriptome in a leukemia progression model
Differentiating Protein-Coding and Noncoding RNA: Challenges and Ambiguities
SIRT1 Redistribution on Chromatin Promotes Genomic Stability but Alters Gene Expression during Aging
Tight Regulation of Unstructured Proteins: From Transcript Synthesis to Protein Degradation
An epigenetic role for maternally inherited piRNAs in transposon silencing.
Age-dependent evolution of the yeast protein interaction network suggests a limited role of gene duplication and divergence.
Genetics Meets Metabolomics: A Genome-Wide Association Study of Metabolite Profiles in Human Serum
Entrainment of neocortical neurons and gamma oscillations by the hippocampal theta rhythm.
Resveratrol induces glutathione synthesis by activation of Nrf2 and protects against cigarette smoke-mediated oxidative stress in human lung epithelial cells
Coordinate regulation of Phase I and II xenobiotic metabolisms by the Ah receptor and Nrf2.
A core gut microbiome in obese and lean twins
Logical independence and quantum randomness
Cloud computing - Issues, research and implementations
Biodiversity management in the face of climate change: A review of 22 years of recommendations
Metabolic endotoxemia initiates obesity and insulin resistance.
A survey of visualization tools for biological network analysis.
An ontology of scientific experiments
Nucleic Acids Research annual Database Issue and the NAR online Molecular Biology Database Collection in 2009
Quantum algorithms for algebraic problems
If I Were You: Perceptual Illusion of Body Swapping
The Human Phenotype Ontology: a tool for annotating and analyzing human hereditary disease.
Cell shape and cell-wall organization in Gram-negative bacteria
A bioinformatician's guide to metagenomics.
A simple model of bipartite cooperation for ecological and organizational networks
Assaying the regulatory potential of mammalian conserved non-coding sequences in human cells
Algorithm of OMA for large-scale orthology inference.
Design and analysis of ChIP-seq experiments for DNA-binding proteins.
LRpath: a logistic regression approach for identifying enriched biological groups in gene expression data
Global analysis of the insulator binding protein CTCF in chromatin barrier regions reveals demarcation of active and repressive domains
Extracting information from textual documents in the electronic health record: a review of recent research.
Dynamic spread of happiness in a large social network: longitudinal analysis over 20 years in the Framingham Heart Study
The antisense transcriptomes of human cells.
Effects of cis and trans Genetic Ancestry on Gene Expression in African Americans
Metabolite-likeness as a criterion in the design and selection of pharmaceutical drug libraries
FitSNPs: highly differentially expressed genes are more likely to have variants associated with disease.
Honest Signals: How They Shape Our World
Brassica taxonomy based on nuclear restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs)
RNA exosome depletion reveals transcription upstream of active human promoters.
Empirical methods for controlling false positives and estimating confidence in ChIP-Seq peaks.
Divergent transcription from active promoters.
Nascent RNA Sequencing Reveals Widespread Pausing and Divergent Initiation at Human Promoters
A predictive model for identifying mini-regulatory modules in the mouse genome.
Oxidative and Excitatory Mechanisms of Developmental Neurotoxicity: Transcriptional Profiles for Chlorpyrifos, Diazinon, Dieldrin and Divalent Nickel in PC12 Cells
Curcumin blocks chronic morphine analgesic tolerance and brain-derived neurotrophic factor upregulation.
Living and Learning with New Media: Summary of Findings from the Digital Youth Project
Antioxidant Activity of Tea Polyphenols In Vivo: Evidence from Animal Studies
Nrf2 is a key transcription factor that regulates antioxidant defense in macrophages and epithelial cells: protecting against the proinflammatory and oxidizing effects of diesel exhaust chemicals.
Read-Optimized Databases, In Depth
Social networks that matter: Twitter under the microscope
Knowledge of the Firm, Combinative Capabilities, and the Replication of Technology
Data curation + process curation=data integration + science
Building biomedical web communities using a semantically aware content management system
Linked data and provenance in biological data webs
Facts from text: can text mining help to scale-up high-quality manual curation of gene products with ontologies?
Identification of microRNA regulatory modules in Arabidopsis via a probabilistic graphical model
Sequence progressive alignment, a framework for practical large-scale probabilistic consistency alignment
SNPFile - A software library and file format for large scale association mapping and population genetics studies
Targeted screening of cis-regulatory variation in human haplotypes.
De novo fragment assembly with short mate-paired reads: Does the read length matter?
Feshbach Resonances in Ultracold Gases
Multi-label literature classification based on the Gene Ontology graph
An experimentally derived confidence score for binary protein-protein interactions
Biodiversity informatics: managing and applying primary biodiversity data
Social Tagging and Music Information Retrieval
Two-component spinor techniques and Feynman rules for quantum field theory and supersymmetry
Mouse and touchscreen selection in the upper and lower visual fields
Prioritizing risk pathways: a novel association approach to searching for disease pathways fusing SNPs and pathways
NCBI GEO: archive for high-throughput functional genomic data.
Molecular characterization of human Argonaute-containing ribonucleoprotein complexes and their bound target mRNAs
Progress and challenges in genome-wide association studies in humans
Reverse engineering the genotypephenotype map with natural genetic variation
Towards responsible use of cognitive-enhancing drugs by the healthy
Shared and Distinct Genetic Variants in Type 1 Diabetes and Celiac Disease
Harnessing the Wisdom of Crowds in Wikipedia: Quality Through Coordination
Visual Image Reconstruction from Human Brain Activity using a Combination of Multiscale Local Image Decoders
Quantum Computers
PASTAA: identifying transcription factors associated with sets of co-regulated genes.
Petabyte-scale innovations at the European Nucleotide Archive.
The Columbia Grasp Database
The population genetics of dN/dS.
A coword analysis of scientometrics
Chromatin-Associated Periodicity in Genetic Variation Downstream of Transcriptional Start Sites
{Large-Scale Sentiment Analysis for News and Blogs}
High-resolution mapping of copy-number alterations with massively parallel sequencing
Chandra Cluster Cosmology Project III: Cosmological Parameter Constraints
Novelty and diversity in information retrieval evaluation
Annotating genomes with massive-scale RNA sequencing
Methylmercury Toxicity and Nrf2-dependent Detoxification in Astrocytes
High quality draft sequences for prokaryotic genomes using a mix of new sequencing technologies
Factorization meets the neighborhood: a multifaceted collaborative filtering model
Ethnographic Approaches to the Internet and Computer-Mediated Communication
PocketMatch: A new algorithm to compare binding sites in protein structures
CDD: specific functional annotation with the Conserved Domain Database.
Sirt1 promotes fat mobilization in white adipocytes by repressing PPAR-[gamma]
Barcodes for genomes and applications
The DNA-encoded nucleosome organization of a eukaryotic genome
Buffering by gene duplicates: an analysis of molecular correlates and evolutionary conservation.
Library managers and information in World 2.0
De novo assembly of the Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae B728a genome using Illumina/Solexa short sequence reads.
Genotype-phenotype databases: challenges and solutions for the post-genomic era.
MicroRNA target prediction by expression analysis of host genes
Better bioinformatics through usability analysis.
Evaluating contributions of natural language parsers to protein-protein interaction extraction
"REVERSE ECOLOGY" AND THE POWER OF POPULATION GENOMICS
Predicting the binding preference of transcription factors to individual DNA k-mers
Complex fate of paralogs
GeneChaser: identifying all biological and clinical conditions in which genes of interest are differentially expressed.
Label-Free Biomedical Imaging with High Sensitivity by Stimulated Raman Scattering Microscopy
Prediction of regulatory elements in mammalian genomes using chromatin signatures
Up-to-date catalogues of yeast protein complexes.
KEGG spider: interpretation of genomics data in the context of the global gene metabolic network
Machine learning classifiers and fMRI: A tutorial overview
targetTB: A target identification pipeline for Mycobacterium tuberculosis through an interactome, reactome and genome-scale structural analysis
A Review of Sirt1 and Sirt1 Modulators in Cardiovascular and Metabolic Diseases
Developmental constraints on vertebrate genome evolution.
Glucose control and vascular complications in veterans with type 2 diabetes.
Inclusion of ionization states of ligands in affinity calculations
Recommending scientific articles using citeulike
Genomics made easier: an introductory tutorial to genome datamining.
GeneTrailExpress: a web-based pipeline for the statistical evaluation of microarray experiments.
Guidelines for conducting and reporting case study research in software engineering
Systematic and integrative analysis of large gene lists using DAVID bioinformatics resources.
Direct observation of the nanoscale dynamics of membrane lipids in a living cell
A sequence-level map of chromosomal breakpoints in the MCF-7 breast cancer cell line yields insights into the evolution of a cancer genome
The meaning of alignment: lessons from structural diversity
Solvent dramatically affects protein structure refinement
AnnotationSketch: a genome annotation drawing library
Characteristics of distance learners: research on relationships of learning motivation, learning strategy, self-efficacy, attribution and learning results
The Problem Of Gauge Theory
Solutions for data integration in functional genomics: a critical assessment and case study.
Targeting cancer with small molecule kinase inhibitors
Modeling user rating profiles for collaborative filtering
Quality assessment and data analysis for microRNA expression arrays.
Concepts and categories: A cognitive neuropsychological perspective
Similarity cross-analysis of tag / co-tag spaces in social classification systems
SPRINT: a new parallel framework for R.
WGCNA: an R package for weighted correlation network analysis
Cost-effective strategies for completing the interactome
An empirical framework for binary interactome mapping.
Microscopy and its focal switch
Kronecker Graphs: An Approach to Modeling Networks
arrayQualityMetrics--a bioconductor package for quality assessment of microarray data.
Optical manipulation of nanoparticles and biomolecules in sub-wavelength slot waveguides
DNA assembler, an in vivo genetic method for rapid construction of biochemical pathways
Reconstruction of biochemical networks in microorganisms
Regularized gene selection in cancer microarray meta-analysis
High-Resolution Analysis of the 5-End Transcriptome Using a Next Generation DNA Sequencer
Software Design for Empowering Scientists
Questioning the ubiquity of neofunctionalization.
Hexastore: sextuple indexing for semantic web data management
Analysis of the platypus genome suggests a transposon origin for mammalian imprinting
Genetics and the understanding of selection
Pseudocounts for transcription factor binding sites
Chromatin structure analyses identify miRNA promoters
Learning to link with wikipedia
Scientific Computing in the Cloud
GenomeGraphs: integrated genomic data visualization with R.
Why Peer Discussion Improves Student Performance on In-Class Concept Questions
PeakSeq enables systematic scoring of ChIP-seq experiments relative to controls
Identification of direct residue contacts in proteinprotein interaction by message passing
Syntactical negation detection in clinical practice guidelines.
Bidirectional promoters generate pervasive transcription in yeast
SCARF: maximizing next-generation EST assemblies for evolutionary and population genomic analyses
Self-Sustained Replication of an RNA Enzyme
How to use an article about genetic association: A: Background concepts.
Evolution of Regulatory Sequences in 12 Drosophila Species
Why Is the Correlation between Gene Importance and Gene Evolutionary Rate So Weak?
Differential Dependency Network Analysis to Identify Condition-Specific Topological Changes in Biological Networks
Human microRNAs co-silence in well-separated groups and have different predicted essentialities.
A novel method for large tree visualization.
Precision and recall estimates for two-hybrid screens.
Semantic texton forests for image categorization and segmentation
Posttranscriptional crossregulation between Drosha and DGCR8.
MicroRNA Control in the Immune System: Basic Principles
Optimization of gene expression by natural selection
Transcriptome sequencing to detect gene fusions in cancer
Demonstration of an ultracold micro-optomechanical oscillator in a cryogenic cavity
Functional anatomy of polycomb and trithorax chromatin landscapes in Drosophila embryos.
BioMart - biological queries made easy
A comparative study of social network models: network evolution models and nodal attribute models
Similarity Measures for Protein Ensembles
A transcription factor affinity-based code for mammalian transcription initiation
Nanoscale magnetic resonance imaging
Cloud Computing and Grid Computing 360-Degree Compared
Decanalization and the origin of complex disease
Small silencing RNAs: an expanding universe.
Phylogenetic and Functional Assessment of Orthologs Inference Projects and Methods
Revisiting the principles of microRNA target recognition and mode of action.
A hierarchical model for incomplete alignments in phylogenetic inference
Detecting intergene correlation changes in microarray analysis: a new approach to gene selection.
The evolution of hierarchical gene regulatory networks
Pervasive Hitchhiking at Coding and Regulatory Sites in Humans
A surgical safety checklist to reduce morbidity and mortality in a global population.
The Dynamics and Time Scale of Ongoing Genomic Erosion in Symbiotic Bacteria
Synaptic depression enables neuronal gain control.
A tunable synthetic mammalian oscillator
Stochastic modelling for quantitative description of heterogeneous biological systems
State-dependent computations: spatiotemporal processing in cortical networks
Moby and Moby 2: Creatures of the Deep (Web)
Social tags: meaning and suggestions
Recombination of Retrotransposon and Exogenous RNA Virus Results in Nonretroviral cDNA Integration
An innovative approach for testing bioinformatics programs using metamorphic testing
The human intestinal microbiome: a new frontier of human biology.
Restrictions on biological adaptation in language evolution.
Environment and exposure to solvent of protein atoms. Lysozyme and insulin.
Jalview Version 2a multiple sequence alignment editor and analysis workbench
The Politics of the Earth: Environmental Discourses
Cell Lineages and the Logic of Proliferative Control
Diversifying Search Results
Rfam: updates to the RNA families database
Target discovery from data mining approaches.
Designing genome-wide association studies: sample size, power, imputation and the choice of genotyping chip
DNA methylation profiles in monozygotic and dizygotic twins.
Evolution of genome architecture.
Portraits of complex networks
Generations of sequencing technologies
Input-output behavior of ErbB signaling pathways as revealed by a mass action model trained against dynamic data.
Anticipatory haemodynamic signals in sensory cortex not predicted by local neuronal activity
A three-dimensional view of the molecular machinery of RNA interference
On the road to reading the RNA-interference code
Biomedical word sense disambiguation with ontologies and metadata: automation meets accuracy.
Methionine sulfoxide reductase (MsrA) is a regulator of antioxidant defense and lifespan in mammals
Short-Read Sequencing Technologies for Transcriptional Analyses
Purification of Proteins Associated with Specific Genomic Loci
The Peopling of the Pacific from a Bacterial Perspective
Genetic Interactions Between Transcription Factors Cause Natural Variation in Yeast
High-resolution DNA-binding specificity analysis of yeast transcription factors
Biogenesis of small RNAs in animals.
Sequencing Technologies - The Next Generation
Integrating Computational Biology and Forward Genetics in Drosophila
Allegro: Analyzing expression and sequence in concert to discover regulatory programs
IS A NEW AND GENERAL THEORY OF MOLECULAR SYSTEMATICS EMERGING?
Use of Facebook in academic health sciences libraries.
Population analysis of large copy number variants and hotspots of human genetic disease.
Genome Projector: zoomable genome map with multiple views.
Active Learning Literature Survey
Widespread bidirectional promoters are the major source of cryptic transcripts in yeast.
An Open Access Database of Genome-wide Association Results
Mechanistic niche modelling: combining physiological and spatial data to predict species' ranges
Computational evaluation of protein-small molecule binding.
Effects of energy policies on industry expansion in renewable energy
Web 2.0 tools in medical and nursing school curricula.
Quantum gravity at a Lifshitz point
bioDBnet: the biological database network
Sparse canonical methods for biological data integration: application to a cross-platform study
Post-transcriptional processing generates a diversity of 5'-modified long and short RNAs.
AssociationViewer: a scalable and integrated software tool for visualization of large-scale variation data in genomic context.
Quantifying environmental adaptation of metabolic pathways in metagenomics.
Development of an improved four-site water model for biomolecular simulations: TIP4P-Ew
Biochemical simulations: stochastic, approximate stochastic and hybrid approaches
Concatenated Analysis Sheds Light on Early Metazoan Evolution and Fuels a Modern "Urmetazoon" Hypothesis
HapMap methylation-associated SNPs, markers of germline DNA methylation, positively correlate with regional levels of human meiotic recombination
The Eucalyptus Open-source Cloud-computing System
The Genome Reverse Compiler: an explorative annotation tool
Gene regulatory network inference: Data integration in dynamic modelsA review
Model of genetic variation in human social networks
Protein folding studied by single-molecule FRET
Repeatability of published microarray gene expression analyses
WiFi networks and malware epidemiology
The human colon cancer methylome shows similar hypo- and hypermethylation at conserved tissue-specific CpG island shores
Semantic Modelling of User Interests Based on Cross-Folksonomy Analysis
Flickr distance
Testing significance relative to a fold-change threshold is a TREAT
Hotspots of Biased Nucleotide Substitutions in Human Genes
Extracting Lexical Semantic Knowledge from Wikipedia and Wiktionary
Generalized linear mixed models: a practical guide for ecology and evolution.
Prediction of ProteinProtein Interaction Sites in Sequences and 3D Structures by Random Forests
Protein domain organisation: adding order
Divergent Evolution of Duplicate Genes Leads to Genetic Incompatibilities Within A. thaliana
Computations of Standard Binding Free Energies with Molecular Dynamics Simulations
Multiple whole-genome alignments without a reference organism
Corpus-based and knowledge-based measures of text semantic similarity
Genomic location analysis by ChIP-Seq.
Mechanisms of drug combinations: interaction and network perspectives
Learning a prior on regulatory potential from eQTL data.
Sudden Death of Entanglement
Biophysical characterization of intrinsically disordered proteins
Flow and immersion in first-person shooters: measuring the player's gameplay experience
The Failure of Dissertation Advice Books: Toward Alternative Pedagogies for Doctoral Writing
Impact of normalization on miRNA microarray expression profiling
iTunes University and the classroom: Can podcasts replace Professors?
Chromatin signature reveals over a thousand highly conserved large non-coding RNAs in mammals
Large-scale structural analysis of the classical human protein tyrosine phosphatome.
CORNA: testing gene lists for regulation by microRNAs
Biological basis for restriction of microRNA targets to the 3 untranslated region in mammalian mRNAs
Very large graphs
Comparison of small n statistical tests of differential expression applied to microarrays.
Is searching full text more effective than searching abstracts?
Organised genome dynamics in the Escherichia coli species results in highly diverse adaptive paths.
Prediction of membrane protein structures with complex topologies using limited constraints
Strengthening the reporting of genetic association studies (STREGA): an extension of the STROBE Statement.
A general modular framework for gene set enrichment analysis.
GOrilla: a tool for discovery and visualization of enriched GO terms in ranked gene lists
Can you ever trust a wiki?: impacting perceived trustworthiness in wikipedia
Alignment-free genome comparison with feature frequency profiles (FFP) and optimal resolutions
Accelerating molecular dynamic simulation on graphics processing units
SciMiner: web-based literature mining tool for target identification and functional enrichment analysis.
A resource-adaptive mobile navigation system
Dynamic modularity in protein interaction networks predicts breast cancer outcome.
Cryptic Variation in the Human Mutation Rate
Mars: a MapReduce framework on graphics processors
Mitochondrial H2O2 emission and cellular redox state link excess fat intake to insulin resistance in both rodents and humans
Association of reactive oxygen species levels and radioresistance in cancer stem cells.
Differential chromatin marking of introns and expressed exons by H3K36me3.
Is Genetic Evolution Predictable?
Computational Social Science
The Bacterial Species Challenge: Making Sense of Genetic and Ecological Diversity
A genome-wide investigation of SNPs and CNVs in schizophrenia.
Interpretation of genetic association studies: markers with replicated highly significant odds ratios may be poor classifiers.
Outcome prediction based on microarray analysis: a critical perspective on methods.
Revealing representational content with pattern-information fMRIan introductory guide
Changes in use and perception of facebook
Online and Offline Social Networks: Use of Social Networking Sites by Emerging Adults
Complex brain networks: graph theoretical analysis of structural and functional systems.
Protein promiscuity and its implications for biotechnology
Solution hybrid selection with ultra-long oligonucleotides for massively parallel targeted sequencing
Papers on Normalization, Variable Selection, Classification, or Clustering of Microarray Data
Absolute humidity modulates influenza survival, transmission, and seasonality
Trust Metrics in Recommender Systems
Adaptive Radiation: Contrasting Theory with Data
A canonical promoter organization of the transcription machinery and its regulators in the Saccharomyces genome.
Predicting human resting-state functional connectivity from structural connectivity.
TASI Lectures on Inflation
Cepred: predicting the co-expression patterns of the human intronic microRNAs with their host genes.
Evolutionary Conserved Motif Finder (ECMFinder) for genome-wide identification of clustered YY1- and CTCF-binding sites
Beyond Microblogging: Conversation and Collaboration via Twitter
Mega-phylogeny approach for comparative biology: an alternative to supertree and supermatrix approaches
Understanding the intent behind mobile information needs
Rich interfaces for reading news on the web
Tagsplanations: explaining recommendations using tags
Deep homology and the origins of evolutionary novelty.
Meta-analysis of age-related gene expression profiles identifies common signatures of aging
A burst of segmental duplications in the genome of the African great ape ancestor
ChIP-seq accurately predicts tissue-specific activity of enhancers
Clustering the tagged web
Classifying tags using open content resources
Comprehensive polymorphism survey elucidates population structure of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Above the Clouds: A Berkeley View of Cloud Computing
Network Analysis in the Social Sciences
Sequencing and Analyses of All Known Human Rhinovirus Genomes Reveals Structure and Evolution
Ab initio construction of a eukaryotic transcriptome by massively parallel mRNA sequencing.
Nucleosome positioning and gene regulation: advances through genomics
Effective population size and patterns of molecular evolution and variation
Genome-Wide Analysis in Vivo of Translation with Nucleotide Resolution Using Ribosome Profiling
Collaborative Annotation for Context-Aware Retrieval
Innovation studiesThe emerging structure of a new scientific field
A Genome-Scale Metabolic Reconstruction of Mycoplasma genitalium, iPS189
Gene expression levels are a target of recent natural selection in the human genome.
Module networks revisited: computational assessment and prioritization of model predictions
A groupwise association test for rare mutations using a weighted sum statistic.
PASS: a program to align short sequences.
CoCAS: a ChIP-on-chip analysis suite.
Toward a Unified Ontology of Cloud Computing
A Principal Component Analysis of 39 Scientific Impact Measures
Why are modern scientists so dull? How science selects for perseverance and sociability at the expense of intelligence and creativity
Knowledge management in biomedical libraries: A semantic web approach
Computational Intelligence for Evolving Trading Rules
Novel web-based tools combining chemistry informatics, biology and social networks for drug discovery
Darwinian evolution in the light of genomics
The Role of N-Methyl-d-Aspartate (NMDA) Receptors in Pain: A Review
BMC Bioinformatics
Noninvasive cortical stimulation enhances motor skill acquisition over multiple days through an effect on consolidation.
A Study of User Profile Generation from Folksonomies
A break in the clouds: towards a cloud definition
Mapping complex disease traits with global gene expression.
Long non-coding RNAs: insights into functions
Modulation of dopamine transporter function by &alpha;-synuclein is altered by impairment of cell adhesion and by induction of oxidative stress
Modularity and interactions in the genetics of gene expression.
gcExplorer: interactive exploration of gene clusters.
Crowdsourcing: Why the Power of the Crowd Is Driving the Future of Business
Stress-inducible regulation of heat shock factor 1 by the deacetylase SIRT1.
Anomaly Detection: A Survey
An integrative scoring system for ranking SNPs by their potential deleterious effects
CGAS: comparative genomic analysis server.
The impact of genomic neighborhood on the evolution of human and chimpanzee transcriptome.
Open Access and Global Participation in Science
Identification of differential gene pathways with principal component analysis.
OnTheFly: a tool for automated document-based text annotation, data linking and network generation
Extracting information from neuronal populations: information theory and decoding approaches
RankAggreg, an R package for weighted rank aggregation
Allosteric Communication Occurs via Networks of Tertiary and Quaternary Motions in Proteins
Estimating the size of the bacterial pan-genome
Statistical methods of background correction for Illumina BeadArray data.
The minimum information principle and its application to neural code analysis
Decoding reveals the contents of visual working memory in early visual areas
Reinforcement learning in populations of spiking neurons
Mice deficient in TNF receptors are protected against dopaminergic neurotoxicity: Implications for Parkinson's disease
MOM: maximum oligonucleotide mapping
Using genome-wide pathway analysis to unravel the etiology of complex diseases.
Continuous base identification for single-molecule nanopore DNA sequencing
Evolution and functions of long noncoding RNAs.
Tag recommendations based on tensor dimensionality reduction
Personalized, interactive tag recommendation for flickr
PEMer: a computational framework with simulation-based error models for inferring genomic structural variants from massive paired-end sequencing data
Transcriptional infidelity promotes heritable phenotypic change in a bistable gene network.
Uncovering the rules for protein-protein interactions from yeast genomic data.
Sequence context-specific profiles for homology searching
Mapping the World's Photos
Communities in Networks
Spectral Dimension of the Universe in Quantum Gravity at a Lifshitz Point
Ontology-driven indexing of public datasets for translational bioinformatics.
microPred: effective classification of pre-miRNAs for human miRNA gene prediction
The outbreak of cooperation among success-driven individuals under noisy conditions
Eventually Consistent
A roadmap of clustering algorithms: finding a match for a biomedical application
A survey of available tools and web servers for analysis of proteinprotein interactions and interfaces
A framework for evolutionary systems biology.
QSRA - a quality-value guided de novo short read assembler
Speeded-Up Robust Features ({SURF})
Empirical distributional semantics: Methods and biomedical applications
Bridging high-throughput genetic and transcriptional data reveals cellular responses to alpha-synuclein toxicity
Systems genetics of complex traits in Drosophila melanogaster.
PROMOT: modular modeling for systems biology
Selection on codon bias.
Origins and Mechanisms of miRNAs and siRNAs.
Exploring the human genome with functional maps
Disease candidate gene identification and prioritization using protein interaction networks
ClueGO: a Cytoscape plug-in to decipher functionally grouped gene ontology and pathway annotation networks.
Oxytocin Shapes the Neural Circuitry of Trust and Trust Adaptation in Humans
Statistical inferences for isoform expression in RNA-Seq
Word sense disambiguation: A survey
Prospects for Life Span Extension*
The "etiome": identification and clustering of human disease etiological factors
Global networks of functional coupling in eukaryotes from comprehensive data integration
ABySS: A parallel assembler for short read sequence data
Improving MapReduce Performance in Heterogeneous Environments
Methods for comparative metagenomics.
RGG: a general GUI Framework for R scripts.
Many roads to maturity: microRNA biogenesis pathways and their regulation
Statistics and Social Network of YouTube Videos
Google Scholar Search Performance: Comparative Recall and Precision
Protein allostery, signal transmission and dynamics: a classification scheme of allosteric mechanisms.
A unified model of protein dynamics
Comparative Functional Analysis of the Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila melanogaster Proteomes
Importance Weighted Active Learning
Living with Infinities
Academic Libraries, Facebook and MySpace, and Student Outreach: A Survey of Student Opinion
Ultrafast and memory-efficient alignment of short DNA sequences to the human genome
On the Use of Cloud Computing for Scientific Workflows
Big Genomes Facilitate the Comparative Identification of Regulatory Elements
Random hypergraphs and their applications
The Decision View's Role in Software Architecture Practice
The MIQE Guidelines: Minimum Information for Publication of Quantitative Real-Time PCR Experiments
Pharmspresso: a text mining tool for extraction of pharmacogenomic concepts and relationships from full text.
A review of innovation research in economics, sociology and technology management
Textual data compression in computational biology: a synopsis
Beyond odds ratios--communicating disease risk based on genetic profiles.
Adaptable data management for systems biology investigations.
Correlation signature of the macroscopic states of the gene regulatory network in cancer
The Physics of Cosmic Acceleration
Intrinsic variability of gene expression encoded in nucleosome positioning sequences.
Gene expression divergence in yeast is coupled to evolution of DNA-encoded nucleosome organization.
The use of gene ontology evidence codes in preventing classifier assessment bias
Functional organization of the S. cerevisiae phosphorylation network.
Multivariate analysis of variance test for gene set analysis.
The Prevalence and Use of Web 2.0 in Libraries
CNV-seq, a new method to detect copy number variation using high-throughput sequencing
Learning to Tag
Metagenomic Pyrosequencing and Microbial Identification
OpenER, a Dutch initiative in Open Educational Resources
The dark side of information: overload, anxiety and other paradoxes and pathologies
Mapping the conformational transition in Src activation by cumulating the information from multiple molecular dynamics trajectories
Segmental copy number variation shapes tissue transcriptomes.
Clickstream Data Yields High-Resolution Maps of Science
Computational systems biology of the cell cycle
A consistency-based consensus algorithm for de novo and reference-guided sequence assembly of short reads
International collaboration in science and the formation of a core group
Finding evolutionarily conserved cis-regulatory modules with a universal set of motifs
Finding the fifth base: Genome-wide sequencing of cytosine methylation
Is protein classification necessary? Toward alternative approaches to function annotation
Using biological networks to search for interacting loci in genome-wide association studies
How Social Is My Personal Learning Environment (PLE)?, Part 1
Prolonged acetylcholine-induced vasodilatation in the peripheral microcirculation of patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Explosive Percolation in Random Networks
Selective erasure of a fear memory.
TFCat: the curated catalog of mouse and human transcription factors.
Line graphs, link partitions, and overlapping communities
Local DNA Topography Correlates with Functional Noncoding Regions of the Human Genome
Alignment and Prediction of cis-Regulatory Modules Based on a Probabilistic Model of Evolution
GeNGe: systematic generation of gene regulatory networks.
ChIP-seq: Using high-throughput sequencing to discover proteinDNA interactions
Planetary-scale views on a large instant-messaging network
Life sciences on the Semantic Web: the Neurocommons and beyond.
Harnessing genomics for evolutionary insights
Towards an International Classification for Patient Safety: the conceptual framework
Take two aspirin and tweet me in the morning: how Twitter, Facebook, and other social media are reshaping health care.
Standard Free Energy of Binding from a One-Dimensional Potential of Mean Force
Human genetic variation and its contribution to complex traits.
A census of human transcription factors: function, expression and evolution.
How not to study spontaneous activity.
Parkinson's Disease Patient-Derived Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Free of Viral Reprogramming Factors
Toward Social Learning Environments
Demonstration of Two-Qubit Algorithms with a Superconducting Quantum Processor
Histone modifications at human enhancers reflect global cell-type-specific gene expression
Screening and Prostate-Cancer Mortality in a Randomized European Study
Visualization of genomic data with the Hilbert curve
Link communities reveal multi-scale complexity in networks
The surprising power of neighborly advice
Lectures on holographic methods for condensed matter physics
Hierarchical Bayesian Nonparametric Models with Applications.
Visualization of the citation impact environments of scientific journals: An online mapping exercise
Scaling the walls of discovery: using semantic metadata for integrative problem solving.
Semantic web for integrated network analysis in biomedicine
TopHat: discovering splice junctions with RNA-Seq
Estimation of allele frequencies from high-coverage genome-sequencing projects.
Optical Deconstruction of Parkinsonian Neural Circuitry
Evaluating Similarity Measures for Emergent Semantics of Social Tagging
Biopython: freely available Python tools for computational molecular biology and bioinformatics.
On the Growth of Scientific Knowledge: Yeast Biology as a Case Study
MicroRNA-125b is a novel negative regulator of p53.
Next-generation DNA sequencing techniques.
Using Network Component Analysis to Dissect Regulatory Networks Mediated by Transcription Factors in Yeast
Current tools for the identification of miRNA genes and their targets.
Lowly expressed human microRNA genes evolve rapidly
Toward accurate reconstruction of functional protein networks
Identification of microRNAs with regulatory potential using a matched microRNA-mRNA time-course data
Search Engines: Information Retrieval in Practice
Infernal 1.0: inference of RNA alignments
KEGGgraph: a graph approach to KEGG PATHWAY in R and bioconductor.
BioconductorBuntu - A Linux Distribution that Implements a Web-Based DNA Microarray Analysis Server
Signals of recent positive selection in a worldwide sample of human populations
An introduction to artificial neural networks in bioinformatics--application to complex microarray and mass spectrometry datasets in cancer studies.
Linking folding and binding.
A Public Management For All Seasons?
Intensive versus conventional glucose control in critically ill patients.
Web page classification: Features and algorithms
Rare Variants of {IFIH1}, a Gene Implicated in Antiviral Responses, Protect Against Type 1 Diabetes
The virtual geographies of social networks: a comparative analysis of Facebook, LinkedIn and ASmallWorld
Random graphs with clustering
A systems approach to prion disease
Bioinformatics analysis of mass spectrometry-based proteomics data sets.
Granger Causality vs Dynamic Bayesian Network Inference: a comparative study
Protein function prediction  the power of multiplicity
Computational and analytical framework for small RNA profiling by high-throughput sequencing
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Data
Data collection method for pedestrian movement variables
Chloride Penetration into Fiber Reinforced Concrete under Static and Cyclic Compressive Loading
De-anonymizing Social Networks
Prediction of novel microRNA genes in cancer-associated genomic regions--a combined computational and experimental approach
Human mutation rate associated with DNA replication timing.
Accurate Prediction of Peptide Binding Sites on Protein Surfaces
JNets: exploring networks by integrating annotation.
Efficient Drug Lead Discovery and Optimization
Evaluating online learning communities
Evolutionary forces act on promoter length: identification of enriched cis-regulatory elements.
Dark Matter Candidates
Toward a multidisciplinary model of context to support context-aware computing
Biomedical discovery acceleration, with applications to craniofacial development.
FINDSITE: a combined evolution/structure-based approach to protein function prediction
Evaluation of next generation sequencing platforms for population targeted sequencing studies
Lecture notes on the physics of cosmic microwave background anisotropies
Observation of strong coupling between a micromechanical resonator and an optical cavity field
Validation of candidate causal genes for obesity that affect shared metabolic pathways and networks
Quantification of rare allelic variants from pooled genomic DNA.
Global mapping of protein-DNA interactions in vivo by digital genomic footprinting.
Next-generation DNA sequencing of paired-end tags (PET) for transcriptome and genome analyses
New class of microRNA targets containing simultaneous 5-UTR and 3-UTR interaction sites
Multiagent Systems: Algorithmic, Game-Theoretic, and Logical Foundations
Expression profiling of microRNAs by deep sequencing
{Memories of bug fixes}
A network view of disease and compound screening.
A Yeast Synthetic Network for In Vivo Assessment of Reverse-Engineering and Modeling Approaches
Culture-Brain Interactions
Distilling Free-Form Natural Laws from Experimental Data
The Automation of Science
Creating reference datasets for systems biology applications using text mining.
RNA-Seq-quantitative measurement of expression through massively parallel RNA-sequencing.
A Bipedal DNA Brownian Motor with Coordinated Legs
Understanding the Spreading Patterns of Mobile Phone Viruses
Reliabilities of identifying positive selection by the branch-site and the site-prediction methods
Probing the Flexibility of Large Conformational Changes in Protein Structures through Local Perturbations
Next-Generation Sequencing: From Basic Research to Diagnostics
Scoring diverse cellular morphologies in image-based screens with iterative feedback and machine learning
Progress and challenges in predicting protein-protein interaction sites
Internal coarse-graining of molecular systems
Cosmology of the Lifshitz universe
Heteroaromatic Rings of the Future
Flux balance analysis of biological systems: applications and challenges
mRNA-Seq whole-transcriptome analysis of a single cell
Climate Change
The universal distribution of evolutionary rates of genes and distinct characteristics of eukaryotic genes of different apparent ages
Snowdrift game dynamics and facultative cheating in yeast.
ProbeMatch: rapid alignment of oligonucleotides to genome allowing both gaps and mismatches
The cancer genome
Tissue specificity and the human protein interaction network.
CloudBurst: highly sensitive read mapping with MapReduce
Cross species analysis of microarray expression data.
WebGBrowse--a web server for GBrowse
Extracting the multiscale backbone of complex weighted networks
Microdynamics in stationary complex networks
Sustainable Energy - Without the Hot Air
Protein Dynamism and Evolvability
Information flow analysis of interactome networks.
Trapping Moving Targets with Small Molecules
Coding-sequence determinants of gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Long-timescale molecular dynamics simulations of protein structure and function
Low Cost, Scalable Proteomics Data Analysis Using Amazons Cloud Computing Services and Open Source Search Algorithms
Statistical Methods for Detecting Differentially Abundant Features in Clinical Metagenomic Samples
Four stages of a scientific discipline; four types of scientist
Pulsatile stimulation determines timing and specificity of NF-kappaB-dependent transcription.
Evolution of the Caenorhabditis elegans Genome
A sophisticated library search strategy using folksonomies and similarity matching
Non-genetic origins of cell-to-cell variability in TRAIL-induced apoptosis
A Comparison of Approaches to Large-Scale Data Analysis
Comparing Bibliometric Statistics Obtained from the Web of Science and Scopus
Nudge: Improving decisions about health, wealth and happiness
Embryonic stem cellspecific microRNAs promote induced pluripotency
How NOT to review a paper: the tools and techniques of the adversarial reviewer
A Genomic Strategy to Elucidate Modules of Oncogenic Pathway Signaling Networks
Can evolution explain how minds work?
Design of protein-interaction specificity gives selective bZIP-binding peptides
Enzymatic assembly of DNA molecules up to several hundred kilobases.
User language model for collaborative personalized search
MapView: visualization of short reads alignment on a desktop computer
Sequence assembly.
Using movies to analyse gene circuit dynamics in single cells
Many-core algorithms for statistical phylogenetics
Browsing is a Collaborative Process
A MicroRNA Imparts Robustness against Environmental Fluctuation during Development
Transcript length bias in RNA-seq data confounds systems biology
Conservation of core gene expression in vertebrate tissues.
An Introduction to Quantum Error Correction and Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computation
Adventures in Semantic Publishing: Exemplar Semantic Enhancements of a Research Article
Dual-Processing Accounts of Reasoning, Judgment, and Social Cognition
Estimating accuracy of RNA-Seq and microarrays with proteomics.
Validating, augmenting and refining genome-wide association signals
Knowledge Sharing in Organizations: A Conceptual Framework
DNA Binding Site Sequence Directs Glucocorticoid Receptor Structure and Activity
Rapid and accurate multiple testing correction and power estimation for millions of correlated markers.
Nuclear Architecture of Rod Photoreceptor Cells Adapts to Vision in Mammalian Evolution
Linking DNA methylation and histone modification: patterns and paradigms
The Nuclear DNA Base 5-Hydroxymethylcytosine Is Present in Purkinje Neurons and the Brain
Verified design of an automated parking garage
Serial correlation in neural spike trains: Experimental evidence, stochastic modeling, and single neuron variability
FANTOM4 EdgeExpressDB: an integrated database of promoters, genes, microRNAs, expression dynamics and regulatory interactions
The FANTOM web resource: from mammalian transcriptional landscape to its dynamic regulation
Standard Quantum Limit for Probing Mechanical Energy Quantization
Bayesian inference of protein-protein interactions from biological literature
A systematic, large-scale resequencing screen of X-chromosome coding exons in mental retardation
Redefining MicroRNA Targets
The role of geography in human adaptation
The transcriptional network that controls growth arrest and differentiation in a human myeloid leukemia cell line
The regulated retrotransposon transcriptome of mammalian cells
Ranking differentially expressed genes from Affymetrix gene expression data: methods with reproducibility, sensitivity, and specificity
MeSH Up: effective MeSH text classification for improved document retrieval.
Learning to recognize reliable users and content in social media with coupled mutual reinforcement
Collaborative Filtering for Orkut Communities: Discovery of User Latent Behavior
A measurement-driven analysis of information propagation in the flickr social network
Tiny RNAs associated with transcription start sites in animals
A Dynamic Network Approach for the Study of Human Phenotypes
The architecture of mutualistic networks minimizes competition and increases biodiversity
2D molecular graphics: a flattened world of chemistry and biology
Assembling the marine metagenome, one cell at a time.
Microbial community profiling for human microbiome projects: Tools, techniques, and challenges.
Diversity-based, model-guided construction of synthetic gene networks with predicted functions.
Dynamical networks in tRNA:protein complexes
How opinions are received by online communities: a case study on amazon.com helpfulness votes
The Genome Sequence of Taurine Cattle: A Window to Ruminant Biology and Evolution
Network analysis of collaboration structure in Wikipedia
Phasic firing in dopaminergic neurons is sufficient for behavioral conditioning.
The genetic signatures of noncoding RNAs.
How confident can we be that orthologs are similar, but paralogs differ?
@Note: a workbench for biomedical text mining.
Driving fast-spiking cells induces gamma rhythm and controls sensory responses.
Characterization of ultrashort electromagnetic pulses
Seeking Health Information Online: Does Wikipedia Matter?
Features of mammalian microRNA promoters emerge from polymerase II chromatin immunoprecipitation data.
Survey-based naming conventions for use in OBO Foundry ontology development
Circular analysis in systems neuroscience: the dangers of double dipping.
penalizedSVM: a R-package for feature selection SVM classification.
Nothing about protein structure classification makes sense except in the light of evolution
Near-field cavity optomechanics with nanomechanical oscillators
Software Architecture Design Reasoning: A Case for Improved Methodology Support
Mostly Harmless Econometrics: An Empiricist's Companion
Allelic imbalance sequencing reveals that single-nucleotide polymorphisms frequently alter microRNA-directed repression
Traditional waveform based spike sorting yields biased rate code estimates
Serial time-encoded amplified imaging for real-time observation of fast dynamic phenomena
Autism genome-wide copy number variation reveals ubiquitin and neuronal genes.
Common genetic variants on 5p14.1 associate with autism spectrum disorders
HIV Enters Cells via Endocytosis and Dynamin-Dependent Fusion with Endosomes
The genetic structure and history of Africans and African Americans.
A yeast hybrid provides insight into the evolution of gene expression regulation.
Axiomatic approach to structural design
A differential wiring analysis of expression data correctly identifies the gene containing the causal mutation.
Constructing genomic maps of positive selection in humans: Where do we go from here?
The difficulty of avoiding false positives in genome scans for natural selection
Input-agreement: a new mechanism for collecting data using human computation games
DIANA-microT web server: elucidating microRNA functions through target prediction.
BINDER DRAINAGE TEST FOR POROUS MIXTURES MADE BY VARYING THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE SIZES
BASIC, ACTUAL AND EFFECTIVENESS OF LEADERSHIP STYLES OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGERS IN SURABAYA
Concrete Mix Design Optimized Approach
DESIGN COORDINATION IN DISTRIBUTED ENVIRONMENTS USING VIRTUAL REALITY SYSTEMS
ON REPRESENTING FACTORS INFLUENCING TIME PERFORMANCE OF SHOP-HOUSE CONSTRUCTIONS IN SURABAYA
ROLLER COMPACTED CONCRETE RCC UNTUK BANGUNAN BENDUNGAN
MODELLED MECHANISMS IN THE SLAKE-DURABILITY TEST FOR SOFT ROCKS
SWELLING AND COMPRESSIBILITY CHARACTERISTICS OF SOIL - BENTONITE MIXTURES
PRICING STRATEGY IN THE INDONESIAN CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY
The gut flora as a forgotten organ.
U-Compare: share and compare text mining tools with UIMA
FastTree: Computing Large Minimum Evolution Trees with Profiles instead of a Distance Matrix
MicroRNAs and cancernew paradigms in molecular oncology
A critical look at cosmological perturbation theory techniques
Self-assembly of a nanoscale DNA box with a controllable lid
Urban Gravity: a Model for Intercity Telecommunication Flows
PEMODELAN PETA TOPOGRAFI KE OBJEK TIGA DIMENSI
PELACAKAN DAN PENGENALAN WAJAH MENGGUNAKAN METODE EMBEDDED HIDDEN MARKOV MODELS
PERANCANGAN DAN PEMBUATAN APLIKASI SISTEM PAKAR UNTUK PERMASALAHAN TINDAK PIDANA TERHADAP HARTA KEKAYAAN
APLIKASI PROGRAM TRANSYT PADA SIMPANG DI BAWAH JENUH Studi Kasus : Simpang Airlangga dan Simpang Udayana Kotamadya Mataram
EVALUASI PENURUNAN TANAH LIAT DENGAN METODE SUB-LAYER
On validation and invalidation of biological models
Context-aware recommender systems
High-throughput genotyping by whole-genome resequencing
BioMart Central Portal--unified access to biological data.
Movement Intention After Parietal Cortex Stimulation in Humans
Representation of confidence associated with a decision by neurons in the parietal cortex.
Strong Coupling of a Mechanical Oscillator and a Single Atom
Tag ranking
SNPinfo: integrating GWAS and candidate gene information into functional SNP selection for genetic association studies.
MicroRNA and mRNA integrated analysis (MMIA): a web tool for examining biological functions of microRNA expression.
Web API for biology with a workflow navigation system.
A Systematic Survey of Program Comprehension through Dynamic Analysis
Infrastructure for the life sciences: design and implementation of the UniProt website
Pairwise maximum entropy models for studying large biological systems: when they can work and when they can't.
Protein ionizable groups: pK values and their contribution to protein stability and solubility.
SNP detection for massively parallel whole-genome resequencing
Reflect: Augmented Browsing for the Life Scientist
Widespread Genomic Signatures of Natural Selection in Hominid Evolution
Drug discovery chemistry: a primer for the non-specialist
SOFIE: A Self-Organizing Framework for Information Extraction
Writing DNA with GenoCADTM
Large-Area Synthesis of High-Quality and Uniform Graphene Films on Copper Foils
Antioxidants prevent health-promoting effects of physical exercise in humans
Recent advances in computer-aided drug design.
Literature-based priors for gene regulatory networks
Correlation of expression profiles between microRNAs and mRNA targets using NCI-60 data
Detecting gene-gene interactions that underlie human diseases
Hypergraph topological quantities for tagged social networks
Sequencing and de novo analysis of a coral larval transcriptome using 454 GSFlx.
Measuring differential gene expression by short read sequencing: quantitative comparison to 2-channel gene expression microarrays
miRanalyzer: a microRNA detection and analysis tool for next-generation sequencing experiments
INDELible: a flexible simulator of biological sequence evolution.
Metatranscriptomics reveals unique microbial small RNAs in the oceans water column
The microbial ocean from genomes to biomes
qiRNA is a new type of small interfering RNA induced by DNA damage
Viruses manipulate the marine environment
Why We Twitter: An Analysis of a Microblogging Community
Exploring the Free Energy Landscape: From Dynamics to Networks and Back
PanGEA: identification of allele specific gene expression using the 454 technology.
Discovery of rare variants via sequencing: implications for the design of complex trait association studies.
A picogram- and nanometre-scale photonic-crystal optomechanical cavity
A hierarchical Bayesian model for comparing transcriptomes at the individual transcript isoform level
A Functional Role for Transposases in a Large Eukaryotic Genome
Diversity and Complexity in DNA Recognition by Transcription Factors
Information Causality as a Physical Principle
BOWiki: an ontology-based wiki for annotation of data and integration of knowledge in biology.
Figure mining for biomedical research
A stimulus to define informatics and health information technology
CHARMM: The biomolecular simulation program
DIANA-mirPath: Integrating human and mouse microRNAs in pathways
Data structures and compression algorithms for genomic sequence data
Beautiful Data: The Stories Behind Elegant Data Solutions
SHRiMP: Accurate Mapping of Short Color-space Reads
Gene tree discordance, phylogenetic inference and the multispecies coalescent
Two types of dopamine neuron distinctly convey positive and negative motivational signals.
Hippocampal theta oscillations are travelling waves
Issues in learning an ontology from text
How to Get the Most out of Your Curation Effort
Modeling and managing experimental data using FuGE.
Drug discovery using chemical systems biology: identification of the protein-ligand binding network to explain the side effects of CETP inhibitors.
MIMAS 3.0 is a Multiomics Information Management and Annotation System.
Hierarchical hidden Markov model with application to joint analysis of ChIP-chip and ChIP-seq data
Fast and accurate short read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform.
Mobile elements create structural variation: analysis of a complete human genome.
The idiots guide to Quantum Error Correction
Overlapping pools for high-throughput targeted resequencing.
A HUPO test sample study reveals common problems in mass spectrometry-based proteomics
Make new friends, but keep the old: recommending people on social networking sites
Combinatorial algorithms for structural variation detection in high-throughput sequenced genomes
DNA Sudoku--harnessing high-throughput sequencing for multiplexed specimen analysis.
Biological knowledge management: the emerging role of the Semantic Web technologies
Efficient frequency-based de novo short-read clustering for error trimming in next-generation sequencing
Predicting tie strength with social media
Emerging roles for lipids in shaping membrane-protein function.
Usability evaluation of E-books
Self-assembly of DNA into nanoscale three-dimensional shapes
SNOW, a web-based tool for the statistical analysis of protein-protein interaction networks
The structure and function of G-protein-coupled receptors.
An active registry for bioinformatics web services.
jClust: a clustering and visualization toolbox
Conserved introns reveal novel transcripts in Drosophila melanogaster.
The second wave of synthetic biology: from modules to systems
Multi-tissue coexpression networks reveal unexpected subnetworks associated with disease.
Understanding the Warburg Effect: The Metabolic Requirements of Cell Proliferation
WebLab: a data-centric, knowledge-sharing bioinformatic platform
A Possible Mechanism for Evading Temperature Quantum Decoherence in Living Matter by Feshbach Resonance
The Datacenter as a Computer: An Introduction to the Design of Warehouse-Scale Machines
MicroRNA-92a controls angiogenesis and functional recovery of ischemic tissues in mice.
MEME SUITE: tools for motif discovery and searching.
rtracklayer: an R package for interfacing with genome browsers.
Design analysis of the propulsion and control system of an underactuated remotely operated vehicle using axiomatic design theory - Part 2
Generation of mechanical product conceptual design schemes based on domains structure template
Stochasticity in protein levels drives colinearity of gene order in metabolic operons of Escherichia coli.
GAGE: generally applicable gene set enrichment for pathway analysis.
MirZ: an integrated microRNA expression atlas and target prediction resource
Analyzing miRNA co-expression networks to explore TF-miRNA regulation
Efficient exact motif discovery.
Assessing phylogenetic motif models for predicting transcription factor binding sites
Fewer permutations, more accurate P-values
From disease ontology to disease-ontology lite: statistical methods to adapt a general-purpose ontology for the test of gene-ontology associations
A Humanized Version of Foxp2 Affects Cortico-Basal Ganglia Circuits in Mice
A Classifier-based approach to identify genetic similarities between diseases
Toward a gold standard for promoter prediction evaluation
KELLER: estimating time-varying interactions between genes.
Unstable Tandem Repeats in Promoters Confer Transcriptional Evolvability
The first Korean genome sequence and analysis: Full genome sequencing for a socio-ethnic group
Genome-Wide Identification of Human RNA Editing Sites by Parallel DNA Capturing and Sequencing
The Computation of Social Behavior
Fast statistical alignment.
How and why people Twitter: the role that micro-blogging plays in informal communication at work
Synthetic Gene Networks That Count
What is stochastic resonance? Definitions, misconceptions, debates, and its relevance to biology.
The Cell Cycle Ontology: an application ontology for the representation and integrated analysis of the cell cycle process
Probabilistic retrieval and visualization of biologically relevant microarray experiments
High-frequency, long-range coupling between prefrontal and visual cortex during attention.
Brain Anatomical Network and Intelligence
Genome assembly reborn: recent computational challenges.
Adaptation and the evolution of parasite virulence in a connected world
Topographical and Temporal Diversity of the Human Skin Microbiome
How Many Scientists Fabricate and Falsify Research? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Survey Data
Aspirin in the primary and secondary prevention of vascular disease: collaborative meta-analysis of individual participant data from randomised trials.
A geometric approach for classification and comparison of structural variants
Epigenetic silencing of transposable elements: A trade-off between reduced transposition and deleterious effects on neighboring gene expression
Advances and pitfalls of protein structural alignment
Discretecontinuous duality of protein structure space
BioPortal: ontologies and integrated data resources at the click of a mouse.
A global meta-analysis of microarray expression data to predict unknown gene functions and estimate the literature-data divide
Impossibility of successful classification when useful features are rare and weak
Improved prediction of defibrillation success for out-of-hospital VF cardiac arrest using wavelet transform methods
Binding of Small-Molecule Ligands to Proteins: What You See Is Not Always What You Get
Pscan: finding over-represented transcription factor binding site motifs in sequences from co-regulated or co-expressed genes.
Community detection in graphs
Seeing the forest for the trees: using the Gene Ontology to restructure hierarchical clustering.
Did Warfare Among Ancestral Hunter-Gatherers Affect the Evolution of Human Social Behaviors?
Monte Carlo methods in statistical physics: Mathematical foundations and strategies
Late Pleistocene Demography and the Appearance of Modern Human Behavior
Pervasive Natural Selection in the Drosophila Genome?
Metabolic-network-driven analysis of bacterial ecological strategies
ABACAS: algorithm-based automatic contiguation of assembled sequences.
Detecting SNPs and estimating allele frequencies in clonal bacterial populations by sequencing pooled DNA
SOAP2: an improved ultrafast tool for short read alignment
Computational methods for discovering gene networks from expression data
Computational methods for the detection of cis-regulatory modules
Enhancing MEDLINE document clustering by incorporating MeSH semantic similarity.
Approaches to neuroscience data integration
The Sequence Alignment/Map format and SAMtools
Identifying regulatory elements in eukaryotic genomes
UTGB toolkit for personalized genome browsers.
Importing ArrayExpress datasets into R/Bioconductor
Uncovering a Macrophage Transcriptional Program by Integrating Evidence from Motif Scanning and Expression Dynamics
Learning, Teaching, and Scholarship in a Digital Age
Junior physician's use of Web 2.0 for information seeking and medical education: A qualitative study
Optomechanical crystals 
The effectiveness of storage and relocation options in renewable energy systems
Text-mining of PubMed abstracts by natural language processing to create a public knowledge base on molecular mechanisms of bacterial enteropathogens.
Potential etiologic and functional implications of genome-wide association loci for human diseases and traits.
Visual and statistical comparison of metagenomes
A clustering approach for identification of enriched domains from histone modification ChIP-Seq data.
Fully homomorphic encryption using ideal lattices
Social and Economic Networks
Identification and analysis of miRNAs in human breast cancer and teratoma samples using deep sequencing.
Integrated assessment of genomic correlates of protein evolutionary rate.
Model criticism based on likelihood-free inference, with an application to protein network evolution
The conservation and evolutionary modularity of metabolism
De novo transcriptome assembly with ABySS
The textual characteristics of traditional and Open Access scientific journals are similar.
A novel and universal method for microRNA RT-qPCR data normalization.
A complex-centric view of protein network evolution
Transcriptome sequencing of the Microarray Quality Control (MAQC) RNA reference samples using next generation sequencing
The Energy Landscape of Social Balance
Hadoop: The Definitive Guide
Towards real-time community detection in large networks
Using Web 2.0 for scientific applications and scientific communities
Detection of single nucleotide variations in expressed exons of the human genome using RNA-Seq
PhyloBayes 3: a Bayesian software package for phylogenetic reconstruction and molecular dating.
Unlocking the secrets of the genome.
DRAM errors in the wild: a large-scale field study
AutoDock Vina: Improving the speed and accuracy of docking with a new scoring function, efficient optimization, and multithreading
Backup in gene regulatory networks explains differences between binding and knockout results.
From DNA sequence to transcriptional behaviour: a quantitative approach
Rapid and Accurate Large-Scale Coestimation of Sequence Alignments and Phylogenetic Trees
Nature of the protein universe
Graphene: Status and Prospects
A flexible and accurate genotype imputation method for the next generation of genome-wide association studies.
Argonaute HITS-CLIP decodes microRNAmRNA interaction maps
Untangling the web of e-Research: Towards a sociology of online knowledge
A fast hybrid short read fragment assembly algorithm
Circos: An information aesthetic for comparative genomics
Activity-based computing for medical work in hospitals
YouTube: Online Video and Participatory Culture
VarScan: variant detection in massively parallel sequencing of individual and pooled samples
Adaptive prediction of environmental changes by microorganisms
OrthoClusterDB: an online platform for synteny blocks
Estimates of Positive Darwinian Selection Are Inflated by Errors in Sequencing, Annotation, and Alignment
Evolution of Phosphoregulation: Comparison of Phosphorylation Patterns across Yeast Species
Genome-wide association studies, field synopses, and the development of the knowledge base on genetic variation and human diseases.
Swift: primary data analysis for the Illumina Solexa sequencing platform
Filtering Genes for Cluster and Network Analysis
Fast. Cheap and Creative: Evaluating Translation Quality Using Amazons Mechanical Turk
Current-generation high-throughput sequencing: deepening insights into mammalian transcriptomes.
Extracting transcription factor targets from ChIP-Seq data
SHREC: a short-read error correction method
Increasing the coverage of a metapopulation consensus genome by iterative read mapping and assembly.
HadoopDB: An Architectural Hybrid of MapReduce and DBMS Technologies for Analytical Workloads
Search User Interfaces
Identifying Relationships among Genomic Disease Regions: Predicting Genes at Pathogenic SNP Associations and Rare Deletions
Cloud computing and emerging IT platforms: Vision, hype, and reality for delivering computing as the 5th utility
A Walk in Facebook: Uniform Sampling of Users in Online Social Networks
Data publication: towards a database of everything
Motivating Online Publication of Data
Fitness and its role in evolutionary genetics
Dynamics of transposable elements: towards a community ecology of the genome.
Visualising biological data: a semantic approach to tool and database integration
Linked Data - The Story So Far
A Bayesian approach to efficient differential allocation for resampling-based significance testing.
libAnnotationSBML: a library for exploiting SBML annotations
Clustered microRNAs' coordination in regulating protein-protein interaction network.
Individual and social behavior in tagging systems
Integrated analysis of DNA copy number and gene expression microarray data using gene sets
Global distribution of conformational states derived from redundant models in the PDB points to non-uniqueness of the protein structure
Evaluating the Effectiveness of Personalized Web Search
Comparison of sequence-dependent tiling array normalization approaches
Social search and discovery using a unified approach
Context-based ranking in folksonomies
Contextualising tags in collaborative tagging systems
Social recommender systems for web 2.0 folksonomies
Citing and Reading Behaviours in High-Energy Physics. How a Community Stopped Worrying about Journals and Learned to Love Repositories
The common colorectal cancer predisposition SNP rs6983267 at chromosome 8q24 confers potential to enhanced Wnt signaling
Genome-wide allele- and strand-specific expression profiling.
The building blocks of economic complexity
JBrowse: a next-generation genome browser.
Many human large intergenic noncoding RNAs associate with chromatin-modifying complexes and affect gene expression.
Unite and conquer: univariate and multivariate approaches for finding differentially expressed gene sets.
How to think, say, or do precisely the worst thing for any occasion.
Role of Layer 6 of V2 Visual Cortex in Object-Recognition Memory
Meme-tracking and the dynamics of the news cycle
Single nucleotide polymorphism arrays: a decade of biological, computational and technological advances.
Using reads to annotate the genome: influence of length, background distribution, and sequence errors on prediction capacity
The Gene Ontology's Reference Genome Project: A Unified Framework for Functional Annotation across Species
The Peter principle revisited: A computational study
A synthetic genetic edge detection program.
Pindel: a pattern growth approach to detect break points of large deletions and medium sized insertions from paired-end short reads
Diffusion of scientific credits and the ranking of scientists
Personalization of Tagging Systems
Elucidating regulatory mechanisms downstream of a signaling pathway using informative experiments
Informal learning and identity formation in online social networks
<i>Facebook</i>, social integration and informal learning at university: It is more for socialising and talking to friends about work than for actually doing work
Synergistic drug combinations tend to improve therapeutically relevant selectivity
Fifteen years of microbial genomics: meeting the challenges and fulfilling the dream
From VLEs to learning webs: the implications of Web 2.0 for learning and teaching
Rapamycin fed late in life extends lifespan in genetically heterogeneous mice
Catastrophic cascade of failures in interdependent networks
puma: a Bioconductor package for propagating uncertainty in microarray analysis
Quantification of the yeast transcriptome by single-molecule sequencing.
Drug Discovery and Natural Products: End of an Era or an Endless Frontier?
Motif composition, conservation and condition-specificity of single and alternative transcription start sites in the Drosophila genome
Common variants conferring risk of schizophrenia
Partial penetrance facilitates developmental evolution in bacteria
A highly annotated whole-genome sequence of a Korean individual
Evidence for human microRNA-offset RNAs in small RNA sequencing data
General rules for optimal codon choice.
Intrinsic protein disorder and interaction promiscuity are widely associated with dosage sensitivity.
Positive selection of tyrosine loss in metazoan evolution.
Collaborative filtering with temporal dynamics
Quantum Walk in Position Space with Single Optically Trapped Atoms
Common polygenic variation contributes to risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Dark Matter Astrophysics
RazerSfast read mapping with sensitivity control
Next-generation tag sequencing for cancer gene expression profiling.
Quantitative assessment of the expanding complementarity between public and commercial databases of bioactive compounds
Tagommenders: connecting users to items through tags
What controls nucleosome positions?
Impact of Human Activity Patterns on the Dynamics of Information Diffusion
Mapping change in large networks
Identification of rare cancer driver mutations by network reconstruction
<i>TrustWalker</i>: a random walk model for combining trust-based and item-based recommendation
High-resolution mapping and analysis of copy number variations in the human genome: a data resource for clinical and research applications.
The ClinSeq Project: Piloting large-scale genome sequencing for research in genomic medicine
WebArrayDB: cross-platform microarray data analysis and public data repository
Comparative study on ChIP-seq data: normalization and binding pattern characterization
Annotation of SBML Models Through Rule-Based Semantic Integration
The genome of the blood fluke Schistosoma mansoni.
Global patterns of speciation and diversity
A probabilistic approach for SNP discovery in high-throughput human resequencing data
Mechanisms of change in gene copy number
Probabilistic resolution of multi-mapping reads in massively parallel sequencing data using MuMRescueLite
OrthoSelect: a protocol for selecting orthologous groups in phylogenomics
Identification of deleterious mutations within three human genomes
The central memory CD4+ T cell population generated during Leishmania major infection requires IL-12 to produce IFN-gamma.
{Search for a 'Tree of Life' in the thicket of the phylogenetic forest.}
College students' social networking experiences on Facebook
An introduction to scripting in Ruby for biologists.
A strand-specific RNA-Seq analysis of the transcriptome of the typhoid bacillus Salmonella typhi.
The genetics of quantitative traits: challenges and prospects.
Foundations for a new science of learning.
Targeted retrieval and analysis of five Neandertal mtDNA genomes.
Using R in Taverna: RShell v1.2
Dyslexia: a new synergy between education and cognitive neuroscience.
Rapid detection, classification and accurate alignment of up to a million or more related protein sequences
Sequence and structural variation in a human genome uncovered by short-read, massively parallel ligation sequencing using two-base encoding
Lysine Acetylation Targets Protein Complexes and Co-Regulates Major Cellular Functions
Protein-DNA Interactions: Principles and Protocols (Methods in Molecular Biology)
The SNP ratio test: pathway analysis of genome-wide association datasets.
Mapping identifiers for the integration of genomic datasets with the R/Bioconductor package biomaRt.
The evolution of protein domain families.
Recovering time-varying networks of dependencies in social and biological studies
Quantitative phenotyping via deep barcode sequencing.
Comments on the analysis of unbalanced microarray data.
Caleydo: connecting pathways and gene expression
Statistical significance of communities in networks
Modulation of microRNA processing by p53
Methods for analyzing deep sequencing expression data: constructing the human and mouse promoterome with deepCAGE data.
Developmental roles of 21 Drosophila transcription factors are determined by quantitative differences in binding to an overlapping set of thousands of genomic regions
The PRISMA Statement for Reporting Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses of Studies That Evaluate Health Care Interventions: Explanation and Elaboration
Scale-Free Networks: A Decade and Beyond
Transcriptional Regulatory Circuits: Predicting Numbers from Alphabets
The pathologies of big data
Transcriptome analysis by strand-specific sequencing of complementary DNA.
How citation distortions create unfounded authority: analysis of a citation network.
Economic Networks: The New Challenges
Disentangling the Web of Life
Predicting the Behavior of Techno-Social Systems
Identification of a topological characteristic responsible for the biological robustness of regulatory networks.
Programming cells by multiplex genome engineering and accelerated evolution
Dragon-Kings, Black Swans and the Prediction of Crises
A statistical comparison of tag and query logs
Personalized tag recommendation using graph-based ranking on multi-type interrelated objects
BSMAP: whole genome bisulfite sequence MAPping program
A modified LOESS normalization applied to microRNA arrays: a comparative evaluation
Relationship between gene co-expression and sharing of transcription factor binding sites in Drosophila melanogaster
Pathway databases and tools for their exploitation: benefits, current limitations and challenges
A realistic assessment of methods for extracting gene/protein interactions from free text.
On social networks and collaborative recommendation
The wisdom of the few: a collaborative filtering approach based on expert opinions from the web
H3.3/H2A.Z double variantcontaining nucleosomes mark 'nucleosome-free regions' of active promoters and other regulatory regions
Mapping Accuracy of Short Reads from Massively Parallel Sequencing and the Implications for Quantitative Expression Profiling
TableButler - a Windows based tool for processing large data tables generated with high-throughput methods.
CLEAN: CLustering Enrichment ANalysis.
Mining Biological Pathways Using WikiPathways Web Services
Complexity: A Guided Tour
Predicting user interests from contextual information
Nucleosomal Fluctuations Govern the Transcription Dynamics of RNA Polymerase II
Context-aware query classification
Semantic Similarity in Biomedical Ontologies
Building disease-specific drug-protein connectivity maps from molecular interaction networks and PubMed abstracts.
Common regulatory variation impacts gene expression in a cell type-dependent manner.
A Quick Guide to Organizing Computational Biology Projects
Upcoming challenges for multiple sequence alignment methods in the high-throughput era
RNA-MATE: a recursive mapping strategy for high-throughput RNA-sequencing data.
Replica exchange with nonequilibrium switches
Maximum likelihood genome assembly.
Recent progress in the biology and physiology of sirtuins
Comparison of next generation sequencing technologies for transcriptome characterization
Gene ranking and biomarker discovery under correlation.
Network analyses in systems pharmacology
Uniting pattern and process in plant-animal mutualistic networks: a review
Library 2.0: balancing the risks and benefits to maximise the dividends
Rebuilding Global Fisheries
Positional Effects on Citation and Readership in arXiv
What happens when facebook is gone?
Web 2.0 use by librarians
A General Framework for Analyzing Sustainability of Social-Ecological Systems
Distinguishing direct versus indirect transcription factorDNA interactions
Scaling laws of human interaction activity
Interaction between intrinsically disordered proteins frequently occurs in a human protein-protein interaction network.
Lectures on String Theory
Innovation communities: the role of networks of promotors in Open Innovation
PubMed-EX: a web browser extension to enhance PubMed search with text mining features.
The Integrated Genome Browser: free software for distribution and exploration of genome-scale datasets
ShortRead: a bioconductor package for input, quality assessment and exploration of high-throughput sequence data.
Architecture and secondary structure of an entire HIV-1 RNA genome
The economy needs agent-based modelling
Modelling to contain pandemics
Twitter power: Tweets as electronic word of mouth
Recurring mutations found by sequencing an acute myeloid leukemia genome.
Multi-level learning: improving the prediction of protein, domain and residue interactions by allowing information flow between levels
Improving detection of differentially expressed gene sets by applying cluster enrichment analysis to Gene Ontology.
GWAS meets microarray: are the results of genome-wide association studies and gene-expression profiling consistent? Prostate cancer as an example.
Genetics of human gene expression: mapping DNA variants that influence gene expression.
A new look at state-space models for neural data
Reinventing academic publishing online. Part I: Rigor, relevance and practice
Human disease-drug network based on genomic expression profiles.
R/BHC: fast Bayesian hierarchical clustering for microarray data.
BayesCall: A model-based base-calling algorithm for high-throughput short-read sequencing
Geometric De-noising of Protein-Protein Interaction Networks
Evolutionary Processes Acting on Candidate cis-Regulatory Regions in Humans Inferred from Patterns of Polymorphism and Divergence
{Topic models conditioned on arbitrary features with Dirichletmultinomial regression}
The Systems Biology Graphical Notation
Systematic artifacts in metagenomes from complex microbial communities
Sensitive and accurate detection of copy number variants using read depth of coverage
Development of biomarker classifiers from high-dimensional data.
Experience sampling during fMRI reveals default network and executive system contributions to mind wandering
Opinion and community formation in coevolving networks
Community detection algorithms: a comparative analysis
Small Molecule Subgraph Detector (SMSD) toolkit
Biological pathways as communicating computer systems
Phymm and PhymmBL: metagenomic phylogenetic classification with interpolated Markov models.
Learning to Rank for Information Retrieval
PineSAP--sequence alignment and SNP identification pipeline.
Single-molecule sequencing of an individual human genome
Accurate determination of microbial diversity from 454 pyrosequencing data
BreakDancer: an algorithm for high-resolution mapping of genomic structural variation
Insights from genomic profiling of transcription factors
Microfluidic devices for measuring gene network dynamics in single cells
Representations in auditory cortex
PerM: efficient mapping of short sequencing reads with periodic full sensitive spaced seeds
Sleep viewed as a state of adaptive inactivity
Identification of Selective Inhibitors of Cancer Stem Cells by High-Throughput Screening
Effective Field Theory, Past and Future
Strategic reading, ontologies, and the future of scientific publishing.
Massively Parallel Sequencing: The Next Big Thing in Genetic Medicine
seL4: Formal Verification of an {OS} Kernel
Automatic Spike Sorting Using Tuning Information.
LookSeq: a browser-based viewer for deep sequencing data.
Four distances between pairs of amino acids provide a precise description of their interaction.
Improved base calling for the Illumina Genome Analyzer using machine learning strategies
A Parsimony Approach to Biological Pathway Reconstruction/Inference for Genomes and Metagenomes
Long-range regulation is a major driving force in maintaining genome integrity
An XML transfer schema for exchange of genomic and genetic mapping data: implementation as a web service in a Taverna workflow.
R/Bioconductor software for Illumina's Infinium whole-genome genotyping BeadChips
Moderated effect size and P-value combinations for microarray meta-analyses.
Targeted capture and massively parallel sequencing of 12 human exomes.
Quantifying Correlations Between Allosteric Sites in Thermodynamic Ensembles.
Pregel: a system for large-scale graph processing
Demonstration of a spaser-based nanolaser
The origin of allosteric functional modulation: multiple pre-existing pathways.
Inferring friendship network structure by using mobile phone data
Nucleosomes are well positioned in exons and carry characteristic histone modifications.
Perspectives on social tagging
Genetics in geographically structured populations: defining, estimating and interpreting FST
Applying mass spectrometry-based proteomics to genetics, genomics and network biology
Genomic analysis reveals a tight link between transcription factor dynamics and regulatory network architecture
Mobyle: a new full web bioinformatics framework.
Conformational selection or induced fit: A flux description of reaction mechanism
The Multikernel: A New OS Architecture for Scalable Multicore Systems
Combining an Elastic Network With a Coarse-Grained Molecular Force Field: Structure, Dynamics, and Intermolecular Recognition
Statistical methods for gene set co-expression analysis
TargetMiner: microRNA target prediction with systematic identification of tissue-specific negative examples
Parametric Complexity of Sequence Assembly: Theory and Applications to Next Generation Sequencing
Comparative Analysis of Pyrosequencing and a Phylogenetic Microarray for Exploring Microbial Community Structures in the Human Distal Intestine
Creating bacterial strains from genomes that have been cloned and engineered in yeast.
p3d - Python module for structural bioinformatics
A mapping of drug space from the viewpoint of small molecule metabolism.
Protein Sectors: Evolutionary Units of Three-Dimensional Structure
The intrinsic dynamics of enzymes plays a dominant role in determining the structural changes induced upon inhibitor binding
Community-wide analysis of microbial genome sequence signatures.
Combinatorial network of primary and secondary microRNA-driven regulatory mechanisms.
Impact of Chromatin Structures on DNA Processing for Genomic Analyses
ShotgunFunctionalizeR: an R-package for functional comparison of metagenomes
Genome-wide Mapping of HATs and HDACs Reveals Distinct Functions in Active and Inactive Genes
Cognitive control in media multitaskers
The impact factor's Matthew effect: a natural experiment in bibliometrics
Independent evolution of knuckle-walking in African apes shows that humans did not evolve from a knuckle-walking ancestor.
Evaluation of PubMed filters used for evidence-based searching: validation using relative recall.
QUBIC: a qualitative biclustering algorithm for analyses of gene expression data.
integrOmics: an R package to unravel relationships between two omics datasets.
Benchmarking Next-Generation Transcriptome Sequencing for Functional and Evolutionary Genomics
Widespread Shortening of 32UTRs by Alternative Cleavage and Polyadenylation Activates Oncogenes in Cancer Cells
Cooperative Behavior Cascades in Human Social Networks
Fast nonparametric matrix factorization for large-scale collaborative filtering
SubpathwayMiner: a software package for flexible identification of pathways
Assisted assembly: how to improve a de novo genome assembly by using related species
Generating Coherent Patterns of Activity from Chaotic Neural Networks
The Chemical Structure of a Molecule Resolved by Atomic Force Microscopy
Complete Resequencing of 40 Genomes Reveals Domestication Events and Genes in Silkworm (Bombyx)
The origins of lactase persistence in Europe.
Analyzing patterns of user content generation in online social networks
Social influence analysis in large-scale networks
Human Y Chromosome Base-Substitution Mutation Rate Measured by Direct Sequencing in a Deep-Rooting Pedigree
Mapping accessible chromatin regions using Sono-Seq.
A novel algorithm for detecting differentially regulated paths based on gene set enrichment analysis.
Reproducibility of quantitative RT-PCR array in miRNA expression profiling and comparison with microarray analysis.
Defining Network Topologies that Can Achieve Biochemical Adaptation
Cloud computing: A new business paradigm for biomedical information sharing
Targets of Balancing Selection in the Human Genome
Personalized copy number and segmental duplication maps using next-generation sequencing.
Exploring repetitive DNA landscapes using REPCLASS, a tool that automates the classification of transposable elements in eukaryotic genomes.
Computation of conformational coupling in allosteric proteins.
Detection of Functional Modes in Protein Dynamics
Online Learning for Matrix Factorization and Sparse Coding
An ensemble model of competitive multi-factor binding of the genome
Chromatin poises miRNA- and protein-coding genes for expression
Edge Direction and the Structure of Networks
Where Do Good Innovation Ideas Come From? Exploring the Influence of Network Connectivity on Innovation Idea Quality
Efficient free energy calculations for compounds with multiple stable conformations separated by high energy barriers.
mRNA expression profiles show differential regulatory effects of microRNAs between estrogen receptor-positive and estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer.
Medical professionalism in the age of online social networking
Comparative study of gene set enrichment methods.
Comparison of Registered and Published Primary Outcomes in Randomized Controlled Trials
Early-warning signals for critical transitions
Recent de novo origin of human protein-coding genes
Physics of laser-driven plasma-based electron accelerators
Copy number variation in human health, disease, and evolution.
From gene expression to gene regulatory networks in Arabidopsis thaliana
Functional Characterization of the Antibiotic Resistance Reservoir in the Human Microflora
Wrinkles in the rare biosphere: pyrosequencing errors can lead to artificial inflation of diversity estimates.
Genome-wide prioritization of disease genes and identification of disease-disease associations from an integrated human functional linkage network.
Broad and potent neutralizing antibodies from an African donor reveal a new HIV-1 vaccine target.
Analyzing biological network parameters with CentiScaPe
Unbiased reconstruction of a mammalian transcriptional network mediating pathogen responses.
Positive Interactions Promote Public Cooperation
XMPP for cloud computing in bioinformatics supporting discovery and invocation of asynchronous web services
Shor's Quantum Factoring Algorithm on a Photonic Chip
Googling Food Webs: Can an Eigenvector Measure Species' Importance for Coextinctions?
A combinatorial approach to detect coevolved amino acid networks in protein families of variable divergence.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CLU and PICALM associated with Alzheimer's disease.
6 Lectures on QFT, RG and SUSY
The information paradox: A pedagogical introduction
Updates to the RMAP short-read mapping software
Efficiently finding genome-wide three-way gene interactions from transcript- and genotype-data.
Broken Promises of Privacy: Responding to the Surprising Failure of Anonymization
Toward Quantum Superposition of Living Organisms
TagDust--a program to eliminate artifacts from next generation sequencing data
Marine natural products
ChIP-seq: advantages and challenges of a maturing technology.
Molecular networks as sensors and drivers of common human diseases
Genomic views of distant-acting enhancers
The logic of chromatin architecture and remodelling at promoters.
Defining mechanisms that regulate RNA polymerase II transcription in vivo
Web 2.0 goes academia: does Web 2.0 make a difference?
Comparisons of Citations in Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar for Articles Published in General Medical Journals
Genome sequence and analysis of the Irish potato famine pathogen Phytophthora infestans
Genome-wide identification of post-translational modulators of transcription factor activity in human B cells
Species Tree Inference by Minimizing Deep Coalescences
Fast Mapping of Short Sequences with Mismatches, Insertions and Deletions Using Index Structures
De novo computational prediction of non-coding RNA genes in prokaryotic genomes
Bacteria as computers making computers
Data clustering: 50 years beyond K-means
De novo genome sequence assembly of a filamentous fungus using Sanger, 454 and Illumina sequence data
Quantitative miRNA expression analysis: Comparing microarrays with next-generation sequencing
A high throughput experimental approach to identify miRNA targets in human cells.
Comparative genomics of protoploid Saccharomycetaceae.
RNAi in budding yeast.
Design Parameters to Control Synthetic Gene Expression in Escherichia coli
The relationship between the evolution of microRNA targets and the length of their UTRs
Spatiotemporal control of cell signalling using a light-switchable protein interaction
Opportunistic pathogens enriched in showerhead biofilms
The Gene Wiki: community intelligence applied to human gene annotation.
Disease signatures are robust across tissues and experiments
Gene networks in Drosophila melanogaster: integrating experimental data to predict gene function.
Automated seeding of specialised wiki knowledgebases with BioKb.
Repertoire and evolution of miRNA genes in four divergent nematode species
Gene therapy for redgreen colour blindness in adult primates
The origin and evolution of synapses
Human gut microbiome adopts an alternative state following small bowel transplantation
Three-dimensional structural view of the central metabolic network of Thermotoga maritima.
Relative power and sample size analysis on gene expression profiling data.
Simultaneous alignment of short reads against multiple genomes
Identifiability of isoform deconvolution from junction arrays and RNA-Seq
Bayesian statistical methods for genetic association studies
Accurate microRNA target prediction correlates with protein repression levels
Evolution of the neocortex: a perspective from developmental biology
Selective suppression of hippocampal ripples impairs spatial memory
A dictionary to identify small molecules and drugs in free text
Applications of New Sequencing Technologies for Transcriptome Analysis
Design Challenges and Misconceptions in Named Entity Recognition
Causes and consequences of microRNA dysregulation in cancer
Client-side integration of life science literature resources.
Human miRNA Precursors with Box H/ACA snoRNA Features
{Repositorios de publicaciones digitales de libre acceso en Europa: an{}lisis y valoraci{}n de la accesibilidad, posicionamiento web y calidad del c{}digo}
Empirical Study of Data Sharing by Authors Publishing in PLoS Journals
PhyloPattern: regular expressions to identify complex patterns in phylogenetic trees
BayesPeak: Bayesian analysis of ChIP-seq data
Reproducing the manual annotation of multiple sequence alignments using a SVM classifier.
A weak lensing detection of a deviation from General Relativity on cosmic scales
Structural and functional constraints in the evolution of protein families
Relative contribution of sequence and structure features to the mRNA binding of Argonaute/EIF2C-miRNA complexes and the degradation of miRNA targets.
Reconstructing Indian population history
Direct RNA sequencing
SSWAP: A Simple Semantic Web Architecture and Protocol for semantic web services.
Online posting of unprofessional content by medical students.
An epistatic ratchet constrains the direction of glucocorticoid receptor evolution
On Universality in Human Correspondence Activity
Conserved expression patterns predict microRNA targets.
Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics.
Finding structure with randomness: Stochastic algorithms for constructing approximate matrix decompositions
How To Choose a Good Scientific Problem
Making Augmented Reality Practical on Mobile Phones, Part 1
galign: A Tool for Rapid Genome Polymorphism Discovery
No Natives Here: A Focus Group Study of Student Perceptions of Web 2.0 and the Academic Library
Multiscale Modeling of Proteins
Exploration of Uncharted Regions of the Protein Universe
TransmiR: a transcription factor-microRNA regulation database.
Automatically classifying sentences in full-text biomedical articles into Introduction, Methods, Results and Discussion
GoWeb: a semantic search engine for the life science web.
BioGateway: a semantic systems biology tool for the life sciences.
Estrategia para mejorar la difusin de los resultados de investigacin con la Web 2.0
Google Scholar como herramienta para la evaluacin cientfica
Gestores de referencias de ltima generacin: anlisis comparativo de RefWorks, EndNote Web y Zotero
Lost in translation: an assessment and perspective for computational microRNA target identification.
Lenguajes documentales y ontologas
Web semntica y ontologas en el procesamiento de la informacin documental
Introduccin al anlisis de redes
Whole-genome phylogeny of mammals: Evolutionary information in genic and nongenic regions
Coexpression network based on natural variation in human gene expression reveals gene interactions and functions
ALLPATHS 2: small genomes assembled accurately and with high continuity from short paired reads
The performance of modularity maximization in practical contexts
Unsupervised statistical clustering of environmental shotgun sequences.
Ribosomal Protein S6 Kinase 1 Signaling Regulates Mammalian Life Span
The Modular Organization of Protein Interactions in Escherichia coli
The powerful law of the power law and other myths in network biology
Enhancing navigation in biomedical databases by community voting and database-driven text classification
A new statistic and its power to infer membership in a genome-wide association study using genotype frequencies
Phylogenomics of primates and their ancestral populations
Mendeley - A Last.fm For Research?
Automated design of synthetic ribosome binding sites to control protein expression
Horizontal Gene Transfer of the Secretome Drives the Evolution of Bacterial Cooperation and Virulence
Structuring and extracting knowledge for the support of hypothesis generation in molecular biology.
Mutational evolution in a lobular breast tumour profiled at single nucleotide resolution.
Finding the missing heritability of complex diseases
A genome-wide linkage and association scan reveals novel loci for autism
BIRI: a new approach for automatically discovering and indexing available public bioinformatics resources from the literature
Origins and functional impact of copy number variation in the human genome
Genomic DNA k-mer spectra: models and modalities.
Characterizing natural variation using next-generation sequencing technologies.
Comprehensive Mapping of Long-Range Interactions Reveals Folding Principles of the Human Genome
Reactome Array: Forging a Link Between Metabolome and Genome
Multi-dimensional correlations for gene coexpression and application to the large-scale data of Arabidopsis
Towards a Mathematical Theory of Cortical Micro-circuits
Detection of an Infectious Retrovirus, XMRV, in Blood Cells of Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Structure-Based Predictive Models for Allosteric Hot Spots
High-Performance Drug Discovery: Computational Screening by Combining Docking and Molecular Dynamics Simulations
KEGGconverter: a tool for the in-silico modelling of metabolic networks of the KEGG Pathways database.
HMMCONVERTER 1.0: a toolbox for hidden Markov models
Energy, economics and environmental impacts of renewable energy systems
miRExpress: Analyzing high-throughput sequencing data for profiling microRNA expression
PLAST: parallel local alignment search tool for database comparison
BASE - 2nd generation software for microarray data management and analysis
How to identify essential genes from molecular networks?
Predicting citation count of Bioinformatics papers within four years of publication
Effect of read-mapping biases on detecting allele-specific expression from RNA-sequencing data
Windshield splatter analysis with the Galaxy metagenomic pipeline
The NIH Human Microbiome Project.
Detailing regulatory networks through large scale data integration.
Electrophysiology in the age of light.
Phylogenetic analysis of modularity in protein interaction networks
Human DNA methylomes at base resolution show widespread epigenomic differences.
Neuroscience in the era of functional genomics and systems biology.
STARNET 2: a web-based tool for accelerating discovery of gene regulatory networks using microarray co-expression data.
Magallanes: a web services discovery and automatic workflow composition tool
A wave of nascent transcription on activated human genes.
Users of the world, unite! The challenges and opportunities of Social Media
Sequential Processing of Lexical, Grammatical, and Phonological Information Within Broca's Area
Classification and biomarker identification using gene network modules and support vector machines
The value of using short-format podcasts to enhance learning and teaching
A Genealogical Interpretation of Principal Components Analysis
Genome evolution and adaptation in a long-term experiment with Escherichia coli
Global patterns of cis variation in human cells revealed by high-density allelic expression analysis
How to understand the cell by breaking it: network analysis of gene perturbation screens
Spatial patterns of variation due to natural selection in humans.
Experimental determination of the evolvability of a transcription factor.
The theory of discovering rare variants via DNA sequencing.
Arabidopsis gene co-expression network and its functional modules
Imaging chromophores with undetectable fluorescence by stimulated emission microscopy
Single-Trial Phase Precession in the Hippocampus
High-resolution nucleosome mapping reveals transcription-dependent promoter packaging.
The gputools package enables GPU computing in R
Networks, Crowds, and Markets: Reasoning About a Highly Connected World
Evolution of biomolecular networks: lessons from metabolic and protein interactions.
What can metabolomics learn from genomics and proteomics?
Construction of an annotated corpus to support biomedical information extraction
Annotation Confidence Score for Genome Annotation: A Genome Comparison Approach
DEGseq: an R package for identifying differentially expressed genes from RNA-seq data
NGSView: an extensible open source editor for next-generation sequencing data.
SeaView Version 4: A Multiplatform Graphical User Interface for Sequence Alignment and Phylogenetic Tree Building
The Universal Protein Resource (UniProt) in 2010
miRGen 2.0: a database of microRNA genomic information and regulation.
Genome-wide mapping of alternative splicing in Arabidopsis thaliana
phyloXML: XML for evolutionary biology and comparative genomics
Hypersensitivity to contact inhibition provides a clue to cancer resistance of naked mole-rat.
Genetic diagnosis by whole exome capture and massively parallel DNA sequencing
The GNUMAP algorithm: unbiased probabilistic mapping of oligonucleotides from next-generation sequencing
Bioinformatics approaches for genomics and post genomics applications of next-generation sequencing
The role of DNA shape in protein
ArrayMining: a modular web-application for microarray analysis combining ensemble and consensus methods with cross-study normalization.
Analysis and comparison of very large metagenomes with fast clustering and functional annotation
Detection of nonneutral substitution rates on mammalian phylogenies
Baryon Acoustic Oscillations
Oscillations, Phase-of-Firing Coding, and Spike Timing-Dependent Plasticity: An Efficient Learning Scheme
Head in the clouds: Re-imagining the experimental laboratory record for the web-based networked world
Profiling the Human Protein-DNA Interactome Reveals ERK2 as a Transcriptional Repressorof Interferon Signaling
BARCRAWL and BARTAB: software tools for the design and implementation of barcoded primers for highly multiplexed DNA sequencing.
Models for financial sustainability of biological databases and resources
Structure of Protein Interaction Networks and Their Implications on Drug Design
Intergenerational Wealth Transmission and the Dynamics of Inequality in Small-Scale Societies
Computational methods for discovering structural variation with next-generation sequencing
Sense from sequence reads: methods for alignment and assembly
Computation for ChIP-seq and RNA-seq studies
Improved Attribution of Climate Forcing to Emissions
Computer-aided design of functional protein interactions
Low complexity voice recognition in car environment
RNA-seq: from technology to biology.
Can literature analysis identify innovation drivers in drug discovery?
Next-generation gap
Prediction of hot spot residues at protein-protein interfaces by combining machine learning and energy-based methods
inGAP: an integrated next-generation genome analysis pipeline
Predicting new molecular targets for known drugs.
Using twitter to recommend real-time topical news
Edgetic perturbation models of human inherited disorders.
Energetics of Displacing Water Molecules from Protein Binding Sites: Consequences for Ligand Optimization
Common disorders are quantitative traits
Non-coding RNAs: regulators of disease
Applications of genome-scale metabolic reconstructions
Experimental evolution of bet hedging 
Combinatorial binding predicts spatio-temporal cis-regulatory activity 
An oestrogen-receptor-&agr;-bound human chromatin interactome
Ontologas y organizacin del conocimiento: retos y oportunidades para el profesional de la informacin
Soft colloids make strong glasses
Ensembl genomes: Extending ensembl across the taxonomic space
KEGG for representation and analysis of molecular networks involving diseases and drugs.
Human Genome Sequencing Using Unchained Base Reads on Self-Assembling DNA Nanoarrays
Ten Simple Rules for Searching and Organizing the Scientific Literature
Cross-Product Extensions of the Gene Ontology 
Bacterial Community Variation in Human Body Habitats Across Space and Time
Genome 10K: a proposal to obtain whole-genome sequence for 10,000 vertebrate species.
Memento: Time Travel for the Web
Microdroplet-based PCR enrichment for large-scale targeted sequencing
The challenges of sequencing by synthesis
The transcription unit architecture of the Escherichia coli genome
Catalogues of mammalian long noncoding RNAs: modest conservation and incompleteness
Concordant regulation of translation and mRNA abundance for hundreds of targets of a human microRNA.
Identification of microRNA activity by Targets' Reverse EXpression.
Scratchpads: a data-publishing framework to build, share and manage information on the diversity of life.
BFAST: An Alignment Tool for Large Scale Genome Resequencing
Synthetic biology: understanding biological design from synthetic circuits
Direct cell reprogramming is a stochastic process amenable to acceleration 
Human-specific transcriptional regulation of CNS development genes by FOXP2.
Pathway projector: web-based zoomable pathway browser using KEGG atlas and Google Maps API.
The challenges of informatics in synthetic biology: from biomolecular networks to artificial organisms
Collaborative filtering for social tagging systems: an experiment with CiteULike
The effect of sequencing errors on metagenomic gene prediction
Co-expression networks: graph properties and topological comparisons.
Revisiting Date and Party Hubs: Novel Approaches to Role Assignment in Protein Interaction Networks
Community Structure in Time-Dependent, Multiscale, and Multiplex Networks
edgeR: a Bioconductor package for differential expression analysis of digital gene expression data
JASPAR 2010: the greatly expanded open-access database of transcription factor binding profiles
Exome sequencing identifies the cause of a mendelian disorder
Reproducibility Distinguishes Conscious from Nonconscious Neural Representations
Computational Identification of Slow Conformational Fluctuations in Proteins
The Leading Sense: Supramodal Control of Neurophysiological Context by Attention
BioGPS: an extensible and customizable portal for querying and organizing gene annotation resources
Seeing Science
The ontology of biological sequences.
mimiRNA: a microRNA expression profiler and classification resource designed to identify functional correlations between microRNAs and their targets
Annotation and merging of SBML models with semanticSBML
Systems-level dynamic analyses of fate change in murine embryonic stem cells
The complex eukaryotic transcriptome: unexpected pervasive transcription and novel small RNAs
Horizontal gene transfer in evolution: facts and challenges
PyCUDA: GPU Run-Time Code Generation for High-Performance Computing
Frequency of gamma oscillations routes flow of information in the hippocampus.
Biology's first law : the tendency for diversity and complexity to increase in evolutionary systems
The B73 maize genome: complexity, diversity, and dynamics.
Journal maps on the basis of Scopus data: A comparison with the Journal Citation Reports of the ISI
Gene Expression Atlas at the European Bioinformatics Institute
The Gene Ontology in 2010: extensions and refinements.
CTCF binding site classes exhibit distinct evolutionary, genomic, epigenomic and transcriptomic features
De novo sequencing of plant genomes using second-generation technologies
Is evolution Darwinian or/and Lamarckian?
On the diversity of physicochemical environments experienced by identical ligands in binding pockets of unrelated proteins.
Searching for SNPs with cloud computing
The foundation of the concept of relevance
Trends in the sources and sinks of carbon dioxide
Strategies for cellular decision-making
AQUA: automated quality improvement for multiple sequence alignments
Attention improves performance primarily by reducing interneuronal correlations
Iterative Pruning PCA Improves Resolution of Highly Structured Populations
Combining next-generation pyrosequencing with microarray for large scale expression analysis in non-model species.
Polymerase chain reaction primers miss half of rRNA microbial diversity.
A nonparametric view of network models and NewmanGirvan and other modularities
The Properties of Adaptive Walks in Evolving Populations of Fungus
The Negatome database: a reference set of non-interacting protein pairs
Linking Human Diseases to Animal Models Using Ontology-Based Phenotype Annotation
Exploring protein fitness landscapes by directed evolution.
Calling International Rescue: knowledge lost in literature and data landslide!
Robust biomarker identification for cancer diagnosis with ensemble feature selection methods
A high-throughput screening approach to discovering good forms of biologically inspired visual representation.
Prokaryotic transcriptomics: a new view on regulation, physiology and pathogenicity
Over-optimism in bioinformatics research
BioModels.net Web Services, a free and integrated toolkit for computational modelling software.
Transcriptome complexity in a genome-reduced bacterium.
Impact of Genome Reduction on Bacterial Metabolism and Its Regulation
On the Origin of Species by Natural and Sexual Selection
Proteome organization in a genome-reduced bacterium.
Transcription factors mediate long-range enhancerpromoter interactions
Discrete logic modelling as a means to link protein signalling networks with functional analysis of mammalian signal transduction
Colloquium: Statistical mechanics of money, wealth, and income
Exceptional structured noncoding RNAs revealed by bacterial metagenome analysis.
Forcing cells to change lineages 
Bioclipse 2: A scriptable integration platform for the life sciences
Pathway Tools version 13.0: integrated software for pathway/genome informatics and systems biology.
Exploring Multidimensional Free Energy Landscapes Using Time-Dependent Biases on Collective Variables
GABAergic hub neurons orchestrate synchrony in developing hippocampal networks.
Archiving next generation sequencing data.
Identifying Drug Effects via Pathway Alterations using an Integer Linear Programming Optimization Formulation on Phosphoproteomic Data
Inferring binding energies from selected binding sites.
Predicting protein ligand binding sites by combining evolutionary sequence conservation and 3D structure.
Mining for coexpression across hundreds of datasets using novel rank aggregation and visualization methods
Protein complex prediction based on simultaneous protein interaction network
Amino-acid imbalance explains extension of lifespan by dietary restriction in Drosophila
{Integrating Phenotype Ontologies across Multiple Species}
Comparing Repository Types: Challenges and Barriers for Subject-Based Repositories, Research Repositories, National Repository Systems and Institutional Repositories in Serving Scholarly Communication
Science Direct
ChIP-Seq of transcription factors predicts absolute and differential gene expression in embryonic stem cells.
Building the sequence map of the human pan-genome
To use or not to use web 2.0 in higher education?
How does multiple testing correction work?
Preventing the return of fear in humans using reconsolidation update mechanisms
Tabletnext generation sequence assembly visualization
ConceptGen: a gene set enrichment and gene set relation mapping tool.
Phylogenies reveal new interpretation of speciation and the Red Queen
Tmod: toolbox of motif discovery
Annotation Error in Public Databases: Misannotation of Molecular Function in Enzyme Superfamilies
Human Cancer Protein-Protein Interaction Network: A Structural Perspective
The 2010 Nucleic Acids Research Database Issue and online Database Collection: a community of data resources
Genome engineering
Mapping Human Genetic Diversity in Asia
The GAAS Metagenomic Tool and Its Estimations of Viral and Microbial Average Genome Size in Four Major Biomes
Advances in translational bioinformatics: computational approaches for the hunting of disease genes.
High-Performance Cloud Computing: A View of Scientific Applications
The sequence and de novo assembly of the giant panda genome
Label-free, normalized quantification of complex mass spectrometry data for proteomic analysis
Missing and spurious interactions and the reconstruction of complex networks
Personalized social search based on the user's social network
BLAST+: architecture and applications.
A minimal sequence code for switching protein structure and function
A feeling for the numbers in biology.
Sequences and consequences
A comprehensive catalogue of somatic mutations from a human cancer genome
A small-cell lung cancer genome with complex signatures of tobacco exposure.
Prediction of protein-protein interaction sites using an ensemble method
Three-dimensional structure determination from a single view
Parental origin of sequence variants associated with complex diseases
The Sanger FASTQ file format for sequences with quality scores, and the Solexa/Illumina FASTQ variants
RNA processing and its regulation: global insights into biological networks
A SNP discovery method to assess variant allele probability from next-generation resequencing data.
De novo assembly of human genomes with massively parallel short read sequencing
A practical comparison of methods for detecting transcription factor binding sites in ChIP-seq experiments
Collective dynamics in human and monkey sensorimotor cortex: predicting single neuron spikes.
The evolutionary history of protein domains viewed by species phylogeny.
Stepwise Modification of a Modular Enhancer Underlies Adaptation in a Drosophila Population
RNA-Seq gene expression estimation with read mapping uncertainty
The future of eBooks? Will print disappear? An end-user perspective
Distributed fading memory for stimulus properties in the primary visual cortex.
Hydrodynamic blood plasma separation in microfluidic channels
Avoiding MEMS failures
A phylogeny-driven genomic encyclopaedia of Bacteria and Archaea.
The transcriptional network for mesenchymal transformation of brain tumours
Complex landscapes of somatic rearrangement in human breast cancer genomes.
Genome-Wide Association Data Reveal a Global Map of Genetic Interactions among Protein Complexes
A Quick Guide for Developing Effective Bioinformatics Programming Skills
Biomedical Text Mining and Its Applications
Basic ingredients of free energy calculations: a review.
Next generation transcriptomes for next generation genomes using est2assembly.
A global view of protein expression in human cells, tissues, and organs.
Pebble and rock band: heuristic resolution of repeats and scaffolding in the velvet short-read de novo assembler.
Learning Styles: Concepts and Evidence
Distinguishing influence-based contagion from homophily-driven diffusion in dynamic networks
Pandora, a pathway and network discovery approach based on common biological evidence.
The WEKA data mining software: an update
Covariation of Branch Lengths in Phylogenies of Functionally Related Genes
The Rate and Molecular Spectrum of Spontaneous Mutations in Arabidopsis thaliana
Nucleotide-resolution analysis of structural variants using BreakSeq and a breakpoint library
PRDM9 Is a Major Determinant of Meiotic Recombination Hotspots in Humans and Mice
Lipid Rafts As a Membrane-Organizing Principle
Disentangling Direct from Indirect Co-Evolution of Residues in Protein Alignments
A survey of statistical network models
The BridgeDb framework: standardized access to gene, protein and metabolite identifier mapping services
Leveraging skewed transcript abundance by RNA-Seq to increase the genomic depth of the tree of life.
Personalized recommendation of social software items based on social relations
Antidepressant Drug Effects and Depression Severity: A Patient-Level Meta-analysis
PyMix - The Python mixture package - a tool for clustering of heterogeneous biological data
Endogenous non-retroviral RNA virus elements in mammalian genomes
On the Origin of Gravity and the Laws of Newton
Random Numbers Certified by Bell's Theorem
Quantum simulation of the Dirac equation
Bioinformatics challenges for genome-wide association studies.
Engineering Signal Transduction Pathways
Combining Structure and Sequence Information Allows Automated Prediction of Substrate Specificities within Enzyme Families
Network-Free Inference of Knockout Effects in Yeast
Transcriptional Control of Gene Expression by MicroRNAs
The evolution of gene duplications: classifying and distinguishing between models
A statistical method for the detection of alternative splicing using RNA-seq.
Characterization of the Oral Fungal Microbiome (Mycobiome) in Healthy Individuals
Conformational Transitions upon Ligand Binding: Holo-Structure Prediction from Apo Conformations
Self-Selected or Mandated, Open Access Increases Citation Impact for Higher Quality Research
CRISPR/Cas, the immune system of bacteria and archaea.
Machine learning methods for metabolic pathway prediction
Blueprint for antimicrobial hit discovery targeting metabolic networks.
Opposing microRNA families regulate self-renewal in mouse embryonic stem cells
Genome variation discovery with high-throughput sequencing data
On the detection and refinement of transcription factor binding sites using ChIP-Seq data.
Prioritizing GWAS Results: A Review of Statistical Methods and Recommendations for Their Application
NetPath: a public resource of curated signal transduction pathways.
Population genetic inference from genomic sequence variation
ETE: a python Environment for Tree Exploration
Google Book Search and the Future of Books in Cyberspace
Evaluation of Statistical Methods for Normalization and Differential Expression in mRNA-Seq Experiments
Rate, molecular spectrum, and consequences of human mutation
Genome sequence of the palaeopolyploid soybean
BamView: viewing mapped read alignment data in the context of the reference sequence.
Chimpanzee and human Y chromosomes are remarkably divergent in structure and gene content
miRMaid: a unified programming interface for microRNA data resources
Associating genes and protein complexes with disease via network propagation.
An Integrative -omics Approach to Identify Functional Sub-Networks in Human Colorectal Cancer
A Composite of Multiple Signals Distinguishes Causal Variants in Regions of Positive Selection
How culture shaped the human genome: bringing genetics and the human sciences together
Adaptive Evolution of Pelvic Reduction in Sticklebacks by Recurrent Deletion of a Pitx1 Enhancer
Prevalence and Trends in Obesity Among US Adults, 1999-2008
SeqTrim: a high-throughput pipeline for pre-processing any type of sequence read
Parallel, tag-directed assembly of locally derived short sequence reads.
PhenomiR: a knowledgebase for microRNA expression in diseases and biological processes.
A synchronized quorum of genetic clocks.
Mutational robustness can facilitate adaptation
The free-energy principle: a unified brain theory?
Fast and accurate long-read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform.
Evidence for grid cells in a human memory network
A protocol for generating a high-quality genome-scale metabolic reconstruction
The Genetic Landscape of a Cell
pegas: an R package for population genetics with an integrated-modular approach.
Rules for Biologically Inspired Adaptive Network Design
Evolution of MRSA During Hospital Transmission and Intercontinental Spread
Defining transcribed regions using RNA-seq.
Evolutionary Mirages: Selection on Binding Site Composition Creates the Illusion of Conserved Grammars in Drosophila Enhancers
NeatMap - non-clustering heat map alternatives in R
Genome-wide prediction of transcription factor binding sites using an integrated model
Epidemic spreading in evolving networks
Wikis: what students do and do not do when writing collaboratively
The Systemic Imprint of Growth and Its Uses in Ecological (Meta)Genomics
Rare variants create synthetic genome-wide associations.
Seven-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP) Observations: Cosmological Interpretation
Towards realistic benchmarks for multiple alignments of non-coding sequences
Biana: a software framework for compiling biological interactions and analyzing networks.
Foot strike patterns and collision forces in habitually barefoot versus shod runners
Direct conversion of fibroblasts to functional neurons by defined factors.
Structural Variation in the Human Genome and its Role in Disease
Towards a genome-scale kinetic model of cellular metabolism
Universal distribution of protein evolution rates as a consequence of protein folding physics.
Target-enrichment strategies for next-generation sequencing.
Expander: from expression microarrays to networks and functions
The Asynchronous State in Cortical Circuits
BEDTools: a flexible suite of utilities for comparing genomic features
Protein interaction networks--more than mere modules.
Automatic Assignment of EC Numbers
Incorporating sequence quality data into alignment improves DNA read mapping
Evidence for widespread adaptive evolution of gene expression in budding yeast.
Survival as a function of HbA1c in people with type 2 diabetes: a retrospective cohort study
Identifying influential spreaders in complex networks
Ancient animal microRNAs and the evolution of tissue identity
A new strategy for genome assembly using short sequence reads and reduced representation libraries
Protein interactions and ligand binding: from protein subfamilies to functional specificity.
Histone modification levels are predictive for gene expression
Identifying biologically relevant differences between metagenomic communities
Willful modulation of brain activity in disorders of consciousness.
FragBag, an accurate representation of protein structure, retrieves structural neighbors from the entire PDB quickly and accurately
Gene ontology analysis for RNA-seq: accounting for selection bias
The Overlap of Small Molecule and Protein Binding Sites within Families of Protein Structures
Network-based elucidation of human disease similarities reveals common functional modules enriched for pluripotent drug targets.
NMR Structure Determination for Larger Proteins Using Backbone-Only Data
iMotifs: an integrated sequence motif visualization and analysis environment
Dynamic changes in the human methylome during differentiation
Human and Non-Human Primate Genomes Share Hotspots of Positive Selection
Digital transcriptome profiling from attomole-level RNA samples.
Parameters for accurate genome alignment
Ultrahigh-throughput screening in drop-based microfluidics for directed evolution
2x genomes - depth does matter
Microindel detection in short-read sequence data
Ancient human genome sequence of an extinct Palaeo-Eskimo
Fast and SNP-tolerant detection of complex variants and splicing in short reads.
Assigning roles to DNA regulatory motifs using comparative genomics
LINNAEUS: a species name identification system for biomedical literature.
Accurate detection and genotyping of SNPs utilizing population sequencing data.
Fast and efficient searching of biological data resources--using EB-eye
Regulation of alternative splicing by histone modifications.
Encoding multiple unnatural amino acids via evolution of a quadruplet-decoding ribosome
Phybase: an R package for species tree analysis
Evidence-ranked motif identification
Quantum Measurement of Phonon Shot Noise
Panoramic Search: The Interaction of Memory and Vision in Search through a Familiar Scene
A Confederacy of Dunces
BisoGenet: a new tool for gene network building, visualization and analysis.
Signatures of mutation and selection in the cancer genome
The landscape of somatic copy-number alteration across human cancers
Complete Khoisan and Bantu genomes from southern Africa
Variability in gene expression underlies incomplete penetrance
The primary transcriptome of the major human pathogen Helicobacter pylori.
Remarkably ancient balanced polymorphisms in a multi-locus gene network
CRISPR interference: RNA-directed adaptive immunity in bacteria and archaea
Limits of Predictability in Human Mobility
Regulation of Cellular Metabolism by Protein Lysine Acetylation
A statistical framework for differential network analysis from microarray data.
Prediction of alternative isoforms from exon expression levels in RNA-Seq experiments
SLiM on Diet: finding short linear motifs on domain interaction interfaces in Protein Data Bank
Six RNA Viruses and Forty-One Hosts: Viral Small RNAs and Modulation of Small RNA Repertoires in Vertebrate and Invertebrate Systems
Plasmonics for extreme light concentration and manipulation
GO-Bayes: Gene Ontology-based overrepresentation analysis using a Bayesian approach.
Dynamical and bursty interactions in social networks
Thirty years of information literacy (19772007)
Genome sequence of the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum.
Towards genome-scale signalling-network reconstructions.
Stimulus onset quenches neural variability: a widespread cortical phenomenon
Word add-in for ontology recognition: semantic enrichment of scientific literature.
SBRML: a markup language for associating systems biology data with models.
Antagonistic coevolution accelerates molecular evolution
The power of protein interaction networks for associating genes with diseases
A new generation of homology search tools based on probabilistic inference.
BioNet: an R-Package for the functional analysis of biological networks.
A Primer on Metagenomics
Noise Can Induce Bimodality in Positive Transcriptional Feedback Loops Without Bistability
Toward discovery science of human brain function.
Biomedical informatics and translational medicine.
Solving the apparent diversity-accuracy dilemma of recommender systems
Biased hosting of intronic microRNA genes
Resource Letter: Quantum Chromodynamics
What is Twitter, a Social Network or a News Media?
<i>CiteULike</i> y <i>Connotea</i>: herramientas 2.0 para el descubrimiento de la informacin cientfica
High quality SNP calling using Illumina data at shallow coverage.
Systems survey of endocytosis by multiparametric image analysis
ScripTree: scripting phylogenetic graphics
An effective model for natural selection in promoters
Large-scale conformational sampling of proteins using temperature-accelerated molecular dynamics
The Genetics of Human Adaptation: Hard Sweeps, Soft Sweeps, and Polygenic Adaptation
SPICi: a fast clustering algorithm for large biological networks.
Social Navigation Support for Information Seeking: If You Build It, Will They Come?
A scaling normalization method for differential expression analysis of RNA-seq data
A human gut microbial gene catalogue established by metagenomic sequencing
Statistics and Physical Origins of pK and Ionization State Changes upon Protein-Ligand Binding
PaperMaker: validation of biomedical scientific publications
Modeling sample variables with an Experimental Factor Ontology.
An Atlas of Combinatorial Transcriptional Regulation in Mouse and Man
MapReduce Online
Treephyler: fast taxonomic profiling of metagenomes
rpSPH: a novel Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics Algorithm
Visualization of omics data for systems biology
Parameter Estimation and Model Selection in Computational Biology
SNVMix: predicting single nucleotide variants from next-generation sequencing of tumors
Filtering error from SOLiD Output
Metabolic Syndrome and Altered Gut Microbiota in Mice Lacking Toll-Like Receptor 5
Diffusion, Crowding & Protein Stability in a Dynamic Molecular Model of the Bacterial Cytoplasm
GPU computing for systems biology
Identification and analysis of unitary pseudogenes: historic and contemporary gene losses in humans and other primates.
Visualizing genomes: techniques and challenges
A Population Genetic Hidden Markov Model for Detecting Genomic Regions Under Selection
Ribosomal RNA diversity predicts genome diversity in gut bacteria and their relatives.
Nucleosome dynamics define transcriptional enhancers.
Evolutionary tinkering with conserved components of a transcriptional regulatory network.
Mayday--integrative analytics for expression data.
Comparing genome-wide chromatin profiles using ChIP-chip or ChIP-seq
Cell typespecific gene expression differences in complex tissues
Mixed linear model approach adapted for genome-wide association studies.
Gene duplication and the evolution of ribosomal protein gene regulation in yeast
Integrative analysis of the melanoma transcriptome
Assembly algorithms for next-generation sequencing data.
XGAP: a uniform and extensible data model and software platform for genotype and phenotype experiments.
Detection and correction of false segmental duplications caused by genome mis-assembly.
Transcriptome genetics using second generation sequencing in a Caucasian population
Understanding mechanisms underlying human gene expression variation with RNA sequencing
Visualization of image data from cells to organisms
Integrating multiple evidence sources to predict transcription factor binding in the human genome
Biochemical modeling with Systems Biology Graphical Notation
Transposases are the most abundant, most ubiquitous genes in nature
Analysis of Genetic Inheritance in a Family Quartet by Whole-Genome Sequencing
Whole-genome sequencing in a patient with Charcot-Marie-Tooth neuropathy.
MicroRNA control of signal transduction
Structural sources of robustness in biochemical reaction networks.
Toward Extracting All Phylogenetic Information from Matrices of Evolutionary Distances
Variance component model to account for sample structure in genome-wide association studies
So what do we really mean when we say that systems biology is holistic?
Transcription factor regulation can be accurately predicted from the presence of target gene signatures in microarray gene expression data
Two views of brain function
Effects of intensive blood-pressure control in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DensiTree: making sense of sets of phylogenetic trees
Signed Networks in Social Media
Gene-environment-wide association studies: emerging approaches.
Plasmonics for improved photovoltaic devices
V3D enables real-time 3D visualization and quantitative analysis of large-scale biological image data sets
Calling SNPs without a reference sequence
Visualization of multiple alignments, phylogenies and gene family evolution
Composition bias and the origin of ORFan genes.
MapMi: automated mapping of microRNA loci.
Spatial Epigenetic Control of Mono- and Bistable Gene Expression
miRSel: automated extraction of associations between microRNAs and genes from the biomedical literature.
From Induced Fit to Conformational Selection: A Continuum of Binding Mechanism Controlled by the Timescale of Conformational Transitions
Transcriptome sequencing in an ecologically important tree species: assembly, annotation, and marker discovery
Global and unbiased detection of splice junctions from RNA-seq data
Conserved developmental transcriptomes in evolutionarily divergent species
Comparative genomics reveals mobile pathogenicity chromosomes in Fusarium
{Quantum ground state and single-phonon control of a mechanical resonator}
Genetic analysis of variation in transcription factor binding in yeast
Large-scale prediction of protein-protein interactions from structures
Variation in Transcription Factor Binding Among Humans
Heritable Individual-Specific and Allele-Specific Chromatin Signatures in Humans
Advances in Cheminformatics Methodologies and Infrastructure to Support the Data Mining of Large, Heterogeneous Chemical Datasets
A guide to web tools to prioritize candidate genes
Deep RNA sequencing at single base-pair resolution reveals high complexity of the rice transcriptome
Analogies in theoretical physics
Systematic discovery of nonobvious human disease models through orthologous phenotypes
Revealing strengths and weaknesses of methods for gene network inference
Binding Site Turnover Produces Pervasive Quantitative Changes in Transcription Factor Binding between Closely Related Drosophila Species
The complete mitochondrial DNA genome of an unknown hominin from southern Siberia
Genome-wide association study of 107 phenotypes in Arabidopsis thaliana inbred lines
Alignment and clustering of phylogenetic markers - implications for microbial diversity studies
The genetics of ageing
Integrating Pathway Analysis and Genetics of Gene Expression for Genome-wide Association Studies
Using pre-existing microarray datasets to increase experimental power: application to insulin resistance.
Learning Gene Regulatory Networks from Only Positive and Unlabeled Data
Quality measures for protein alignment benchmarks.
CDK-Taverna: an open workflow environment for cheminformatics.
Multirelational Organization of Large-scale Social Networks in an Online World
SICAGO: Semi-supervised cluster analysis using semantic distance between gene pairs in Gene Ontology
Online resources of cancer data: barriers, benefits and lessons
Dissemination of health information through social networks: twitter and antibiotics.
Regulatory divergence in Drosophila revealed by mRNA-seq
Genome-wide mapping and assembly of structural variant breakpoints in the mouse genome.
The genome of a songbird
Genome-wide association study of CNVs in 16,000 cases of eight common diseases and 3,000 shared controls
Phenotypic profiling of the human genome by time-lapse microscopy reveals cell division genes
Predicting the Future with Social Media
Synchrony of Thalamocortical Inputs Maximizes Cortical Reliability
GeneMesh: a web-based microarray analysis tool for relating differentially expressed genes to MeSH terms.
Transcriptome-wide Identification of RNA-Binding Protein and MicroRNA Target Sites by PAR-CLIP
Predicting protein-protein interactions in unbalanced data using the primary structure of proteins
Virtual screening: an endless staircase?
A Chromatin-Mediated Reversible Drug-Tolerant State in Cancer Cell Subpopulations
Modular analysis of gene expression data with R
Semantic Enablement for Spatial Data Infrastructures
Phylogenetic assessment of alignments reveals neglected tree signal in gaps
Phylogenetic detection of numerous gene duplications shared by animals, fungi and plants.
Supervised normalization of microarrays
A highly efficient multi-core algorithm for clustering extremely large datasets
Homotypic clusters of transcription factor binding sites are a key component of human promoters and enhancers
Transfer of carbohydrate-active enzymes from marine bacteria to Japanese gut microbiota
"Positive" Results Increase Down the Hierarchy of the Sciences
Five-Vertebrate ChIP-seq Reveals the Evolutionary Dynamics of Transcription Factor Binding
A CROC stronger than ROC: measuring, visualizing and optimizing early retrieval
Why Copy Others? Insights from the Social Learning Strategies Tournament
Correction of sequencing errors in a mixed set of reads
Multiplexed massively parallel SELEX for characterization of human transcription factor binding specificities.
De novo Assembly of a 40 Mb Eukaryotic Genome from Short Sequence Reads: Sordaria macrospora, a Model Organism for Fungal Morphogenesis
New Insights into the Genetic Control of Gene Expression using a Bayesian Multi-tissue Approach
OpenFlyData: an exemplar data web integrating gene expression data on the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster.
Detection and characterization of novel sequence insertions using paired-end next-generation sequencing
Structural variation analysis with strobe reads
Improving draft assemblies by iterative mapping and assembly of short reads to eliminate gaps
Conservation of recombination hotspots in yeast
Biology-driven cancer drug development: back to the future
How does search behavior change as search becomes more difficult?
Multifractal Network Generator
International network of cancer genome projects
Dissection of genetically complex traits with extremely large pools of yeast segregants
Genome remodelling in a basal-like breast cancer metastasis and xenograft
Genome assembly quality: Assessment and improvement using the neutral indel model
Electromagnetically induced transparency with single atoms in a cavity
Widespread transcription at neuronal activity-regulated enhancers
BioTorrents: a file sharing service for scientific data.
Genetic Heterogeneity in Human Disease
Integrative analysis of gene expression and copy number alterations using canonical correlation analysis.
Genome-Wide Evolutionary Analysis of Eukaryotic DNA Methylation
Extending healthy life span--from yeast to humans.
Picante: R tools for integrating phylogenies and ecology.
Simultaneous Clustering of Multiple Gene Expression and Physical Interaction Datasets
Genome-wide association studies in diverse populations
Biases in Illumina transcriptome sequencing caused by random hexamer priming
Characterization of the RNA content of chromatin
Putting brain training to the test
Ab initio gene identification in metagenomic sequences.
Do pressures to publish increase scientists' bias? An empirical support from US states data
Metagenomic Sequencing of an In Vitro-Simulated Microbial Community
Genotype to Phenotype: A Complex Problem
Complexity and Diversity
Ergatis: a web interface and scalable software system for bioinformatics workflows.
Mining Mammalian Transcript Data for Functional Long Non-Coding RNAs
DendroPy: a Python library for phylogenetic computing
Reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome
Meta-analysis for pathway enrichment analysis when combining multiple genomic studies.
Genome, epigenome and RNA sequences of monozygotic twins discordant for multiple sclerosis
Systematic comparison of microarray profiling, real-time PCR, and next-generation sequencing technologies for measuring differential microRNA expression
BiGG: a Biochemical Genetic and Genomic knowledgebase of large scale metabolic reconstructions
Semantic integration of data on transcriptional regulation.
Realism for scientific ontologies
Lateral transfer of genes from fungi underlies carotenoid production in aphids.
Integration of open access literature into the RCSB Protein Data Bank using BioLit
A quantitative model of transcriptional regulation reveals the influence of binding location on expression.
Cgaln: fast and space-efficient whole-genome alignment
Conservation and divergence of methylation patterning in plants and animals
GREAT improves functional interpretation of cis-regulatory regions
Ab initio reconstruction of cell typespecific transcriptomes in mouse reveals the conserved multi-exonic structure of lincRNAs
Dyslexic Children Show Short-Term Memory Deficits in Phonological Storage and Serial Rehearsal: An fMRI Study
A three-dimensional model of the yeast genome
Comparing genomes to computer operating systems in terms of the topology and evolution of their regulatory control networks
Transcript assembly and quantification by RNA-Seq reveals unannotated transcripts and isoform switching during cell differentiation.
First Dark Matter Results from the XENON100 Experiment
Bayesian species delimitation using multilocus sequence data
Ohnologs in the human genome are dosage balanced and frequently associated with disease
Computational challenges in the analysis of ancient DNA
Statistical Design and Analysis of RNA Sequencing Data
Deciphering the splicing code
Natural selection on cis and trans regulation in yeasts.
A Draft Sequence of the Neandertal Genome
Targeted Investigation of the Neandertal Genome by Array-Based Sequence Capture
Document recommendation in social tagging services
Simulating Galaxy Clusters
Advancing RNA-Seq analysis
Introduction into the analysis of high-throughput-sequencing based epigenome data
Repitools: an R package for the analysis of enrichment-based epigenomic data.
Ensembl variation resources
Consistent annotation of gene expression arrays
Touring Ensembl: a practical guide to genome browsing.
eHive: an artificial intelligence workflow system for genomic analysis.
Arcadia: a visualization tool for metabolic pathways.
Propagation dynamics on networks featuring complex topologies
Adaptive networks: coevolution of disease and topology
Evolution of metabolic network organization
A global network of coexisting microbes from environmental and whole-genome sequence data.
A survey of sequence alignment algorithms for next-generation sequencing
Modeling non-uniformity in short-read rates in RNA-Seq data.
A 454 multiplex sequencing method for rapid and reliable genotyping of highly polymorphic genes in large-scale studies
Insulators and promoters: closer than we think
Decoding signalling networks by mass spectrometry-based proteomics
A formal test of the theory of universal common ancestry
Characterizing a scientific elite: the social characteristics of the most highly cited scientists in environmental science and ecology.
A study of Web 2.0 applications in library websites
The Newick utilities: high-throughput phylogenetic tree processing in the UNIX shell
Pooled Association Tests for Rare Variants in Exon-Resequencing Studies
Classification of DNA sequences using Bloom filters.
A Performance Comparison of CUDA and OpenCL
Global and local fMRI signals driven by neurons defined optogenetically by type and wiring
Uncovering the roles of rare variants in common disease through whole-genome sequencing
Detecting microRNA activity from gene expression data
High-throughput DNA sequencing - concepts and limitations
Cloud computing for comparative genomics
Missing heritability and strategies for finding the underlying causes of complex disease
Most "Dark Matter" Transcripts Are Associated With Known Genes
Towards a comprehensive structural variation map of an individual human genome
A human functional protein interaction network and its application to cancer data analysis
The anatomy of a large-scale social search engine
BioCatalogue: a universal catalogue of web services for the life sciences.
Independent filtering increases detection power for high-throughput experiments
Creation of a Bacterial Cell Controlled by a Chemically Synthesized Genome
A catalog of reference genomes from the human microbiome.
A Global Protein Kinase and Phosphatase Interaction Network in Yeast
GC-Biased Evolution Near Human Accelerated Regions
A Survey of Genomic Traces Reveals a Common Sequencing Error, RNA Editing, and DNA Editing
Differential expression analysis for sequence count data
FuncBase: a resource for quantitative gene function annotation.
From computational science to Internetics: Integration of science with computer science
Comparative assessment of methods for aligning multiple genome sequences
High-throughput sequencing reveals extensive variation in human-specific L1 content in individual human genomes
Sequence space and the ongoing expansion of the protein universe.
Reporting and Interpretation of Randomized Controlled Trials With Statistically Nonsignificant Results for Primary Outcomes
Sequence features that drive human promoter function and tissue specificity
The mutation spectrum revealed by paired genome sequences from a lung cancer patient.
An eScience-Bayes strategy for analyzing omics data.
myExperiment: a repository and social network for the sharing of bioinformatics workflows.
Assembly of large genomes using second-generation sequencing.
Screening the human exome: a comparison of whole genome and whole transcriptome sequencing
Identifying Tightly Regulated and Variably Expressed Networks by Differential Rank Conservation (DIRAC)
Evoker: a visualization tool for genotype intensity data.
geWorkbench: an open source platform for integrative genomics.
Relationship between nucleosome positioning and DNA methylation
A Bayesian framework to account for complex non-genetic factors in gene expression levels greatly increases power in eQTL studies.
From dwarf spheroidals to cDs: Simulating the galaxy population in a LCDM cosmology
The role of transposable elements in the evolution of non-mammalian vertebrates and invertebrates.
Researchers e-journal use and information seeking behaviour
Gap5editing the billion fragment sequence assembly
Strand-specific deep sequencing of the transcriptome
CisGenome Browser: a flexible tool for genomic data visualization.
Phenotypic robustness conferred by apparently redundant transcriptional enhancers.
Abraham's Children in the Genome Era: Major Jewish Diaspora Populations Comprise Distinct Genetic Clusters with Shared Middle Eastern Ancestry
Induction of Fear Extinction with Hippocampal-Infralimbic BDNF
Expansion of the protein repertoire in newly explored environments: human gut microbiome specific protein families.
Challenges of sequencing human genomes
Signatures of RNA binding proteins globally coupled to effective microRNA target sites.
Use of Genome-Wide Expression Data to Mine the "Gray Zone" of GWA Studies Leads to Novel Candidate Obesity Genes
PathText: a text mining integrator for biological pathway visualizations
Efficient construction of an assembly string graph using the FM-index
Transposable elements have rewired the core regulatory network of human embryonic stem cells
Complex event extraction at PubMed scale
Event extraction for systems biology by text mining the literature
Clustering phenotype populations by genome-wide RNAi and multiparametric imaging
Druggable pockets and binding site centric chemical space: a paradigm shift in drug discovery.
Next-generation genomics: an integrative approach
MiRror: a combinatorial analysis web tool for ensembles of microRNAs and their targets
Automated identification of pathways from quantitative genetic interaction data
The genome-wide structure of the Jewish people.
Functional impact of global rare copy number variation in autism spectrum disorders
Over-optimism in bioinformatics: an illustration
The ecological coherence of high bacterial taxonomic ranks
Protein interface conservation across structure space
Introducing W.A.T.E.R.S.: a Workflow for the Alignment, Taxonomy, and Ecology of Ribosomal Sequences
The (r)evolution of cancer genetics
Definition of Health 2.0 and Medicine 2.0: A Systematic Review
Neuronal arithmetic.
Accessing the SEED genome databases via Web services API: tools for programmers.
Constraints and plasticity in genome and molecular-phenome evolution
Genomics: The tale of our other genome.
Statistical tests for associations between two directed acyclic graphs.
Designing deep sequencing experiments: detecting structural variation and estimating transcript abundance
Whole-Genome Sequencing of a Single Proband Together with Linkage Analysis Identifies a Mendelian Disease Gene
Bioinformatics training: a review of challenges, actions and support requirements
Savant: genome browser for high-throughput sequencing data
Manipulation of FASTQ data with Galaxy.
Iterative Correction of Reference Nucleotides (iCORN) using second generation sequencing technology
Spatial organization of the flow of genetic information in bacteria
Common SNPs explain a large proportion of the heritability for human height
Expert credibility in climate change
CiTO, the Citation Typing Ontology
A coding-independent function of gene and pseudogene mRNAs regulates tumour biology.
TabSQL: a MySQL tool to facilitate mapping user data to public databases.
Deriving the consequences of genomic variants with the Ensembl API and SNP Effect Predictor
Web-Based, Participant-Driven Studies Yield Novel Genetic Associations for Common Traits
Open Access to the Scientific Journal Literature: Situation 2009
A Generalization of Hamilton's Rule for the Evolution of Microbial Cooperation
Natural Mutagenesis of Human Genomes by Endogenous Retrotransposons
Genome-wide allele-specific analysis: insights into regulatory variation
Galaxy formation theory
Comparison and calibration of transcriptome data from RNA-Seq and tiling arrays.
Debunking the 100X GPU vs. CPU myth: an evaluation of throughput computing on CPU and GPU
BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models.
A Taxonomy of Networks
Biological knowledge bases using Wikis: combining the flexibility of Wikis with the structure of databases.
Knowledge-based annotation of small molecule binding sites in proteins.
Genetic Signatures of Exceptional Longevity in Humans
Sequencing of 50 human exomes reveals adaptation to high altitude.
LINE-1 Retrotransposition Activity in Human Genomes
Save the tree of life or get lost in the woods
The Unconscious Will: How the Pursuit of Goals Operates Outside of Conscious Awareness
Subnanometre single-molecule localization, registration and distance measurements
Cloud-Coffee: implementation of a parallel consistency-based multiple alignment algorithm in the T-Coffee package and its benchmarking on the Amazon Elastic-Cloud
ANNOVAR: functional annotation of genetic variants from high-throughput sequencing data
The Effects of Alignment Quality, Distance Calculation Method, Sequence Filtering, and Region on the Analysis of 16S rRNA Gene-Based Studies
Intergenic and Repeat Transcription in Human, Chimpanzee and Macaque Brains Measured by RNA-Seq
Long Noncoding RNA as Modular Scaffold of Histone Modification Complexes
Evaluation of Algorithm Performance in ChIP-Seq Peak Detection
Long noncoding RNA genes: conservation of sequence and brain expression among diverse amniotes
Cloud computing and the DNA data race
A novel pathway regulates memory and plasticity via SIRT1 and miR-134
Complete trails of co-authorship network evolution
High-Resolution Analysis of Parent-of-Origin Allelic Expression in the Mouse Brain
Annotating non-coding regions of the genome.
Scientometrics 2.0: New metrics of scholarly impact on the social Web
SEQADAPT: an adaptable system for the tracking, storage and analysis of high throughput sequencing experiments
Viruses in the faecal microbiota of monozygotic twins and their mothers
Graph-based clustering and characterization of repetitive sequences in next-generation sequencing data
Science 2.0 (change will happen.)
Quantifying the mechanisms of domain gain in animal proteins.
Online Professionalism and the Mirror of Social Media
The Construction and Use of Log-Odds Substitution Scores for Multiple Sequence Alignment
Computational Design of an Enzyme Catalyst for a Stereoselective Bimolecular Diels-Alder Reaction
BigWig and BigBed: enabling browsing of large distributed datasets.
Integration and visualization of systems biology data in context of the genome
The Genome Analysis Toolkit: A MapReduce framework for analyzing next-generation DNA sequencing data
S3DB core: a framework for RDF generation and management in bioinformatics infrastructures.
Epigenetic memory in induced pluripotent stem cells
Origins, evolution, and phenotypic impact of new genes
MIReNA: finding microRNAs with high accuracy and no learning at genome scale and from deep sequencing data
The effect of standards and fuel prices on automobile fuel economy: An international analysis
The role of nucleosome positioning in the evolution of gene regulation.
Good Practices in Free-Energy Calculations
Cytoscape Web: an interactive web-based network browser
The widespread regulation of microRNA biogenesis, function and decay
Diverse somatic mutation patterns and pathway alterations in human cancers
Quantifying E. coli Proteome and Transcriptome with Single-Molecule Sensitivity in Single Cells
Detection of splice junctions from paired-end RNA-seq data by SpliceMap
Unexpected Inheritance: Multiple Integrations of Ancient Bornavirus and Ebolavirus/Marburgvirus Sequences in Vertebrate Genomes
More Than 1,001 Problems with Protein Domain Databases: Transmembrane Regions, Signal Peptides and the Issue of Sequence Homology
Comparison study of microarray meta-analysis methods.
ISA software suite: supporting standards-compliant experimental annotation and enabling curation at the community level
The CoFactor database: organic cofactors in enzyme catalysis
Adoption and use of Web 2.0 in scholarly communications
Predicting protein structures with a multiplayer online game
The MicroArray Quality Control (MAQC)-II study of common practices for the development and validation of microarray-based predictive models.
The Amphimedon queenslandica genome and the evolution of animal complexity
Biological, clinical and population relevance of 95 loci for blood lipids.
PeakAnalyzer: genome-wide annotation of chromatin binding and modification loci.
The Extinction Dynamics of Bacterial Pseudogenes
A Bayesian Approach to the Evolution of Metabolic Networks on a Phylogeny
Optimization of de novo transcriptome assembly from next-generation sequencing data
From complete genome sequence to complete understanding?
An alignment-free model for comparison of regulatory sequences.
Microarray meta-analysis database (M(2)DB): a uniformly pre-processed, quality controlled, and manually curated human clinical microarray database.
baySeq: Empirical Bayesian methods for identifying differential expression in sequence count data
Cloud-scale RNA-sequencing differential expression analysis with Myrna
Mammalian microRNAs predominantly act to decrease target mRNA levels
Impact of diet in shaping gut microbiota revealed by a comparative study in children from Europe and rural Africa
Search and clustering orders of magnitude faster than BLAST
Signatures of positive selection apparent in a small sample of human exomes
Comprehensive comparative analysis of strand-specific RNA sequencing methods
Integration of metabolic databases for the reconstruction of genome-scale metabolic networks.
Text mining meets workflow: linking U-Compare with Taverna.
Scale-free structural organization of oxygen interstitials in La2CuO4+y
SEWAL: an open-source platform for next-generation sequence analysis and visualization
Comprehensive methylome map of lineage commitment from haematopoietic progenitors.
Computational solutions to large-scale data management and analysis.
De novo assembly of short sequence reads
WENDI: A tool for finding non-obvious relationships between compounds and biological properties, genes, diseases and scholarly publications
Mediator and cohesin connect gene expression and chromatin architecture
A ChIP-seq defined genome-wide map of vitamin D receptor binding: Associations with disease and evolution
The energetics of genome complexity
Sequence signatures and mRNA concentration can explain two-thirds of protein abundance variation in a human cell line
Galaxy: a comprehensive approach for supporting accessible, reproducible, and transparent computational research in the life sciences
The evolution of eusociality
BioRuby: bioinformatics software for the Ruby programming language
GASSST: global alignment short sequence search tool
Optimally Interacting Minds
A standard variation file format for human genome sequences.
METAREP: JCVI metagenomics reportsan open source tool for high-performance comparative metagenomics
Did genetic drift drive increases in genome complexity?
Comprehensive modeling of microRNA targets predicts functional non-conserved and non-canonical sites.
Reshaping the gut microbiome with bacterial transplantation and antibiotic intake
Data analysis recipes: Fitting a model to data
ChIP-Seq identification of weakly conserved heart enhancers
Detecting copy number variation with mated short reads
Simple sequence-based kernels do not predict proteinprotein interactions
Bacterial charity work leads to population-wide resistance.
Integrating common and rare genetic variation in diverse human populations.
Genome-wide measurement of RNA secondary structure in yeast
The Spread of Behavior in an Online Social Network Experiment
Peer-review in a world with rational scientists: Toward selection of the average
Should We Abandon the t-Test in the Analysis of Gene Expression Microarray Data: A Comparison of Variance Modeling Strategies
Adding a little reality to building ontologies for biology.
Intrinsic biophysical diversity decorrelates neuronal firing while increasing information content
Consistency, comprehensiveness, and compatibility of pathway databases.
Sequencing and analysis of an Irish human genome
Utopia documents: linking scholarly literature with research data.
Ten years of genetics and genomics: what have we achieved and where are we heading?
BioXSD: the common data-exchange format for everyday bioinformatics web services.
Fundamental limits on the suppression of molecular fluctuations
The BioPAX community standard for pathway data sharing
Next generation tools for genomic data generation, distribution, and visualization
PubDNA Finder: a web database linking full-text articles to sequences of nucleic acids
High Resolution Models of Transcription Factor-DNA Affinities Improve In Vitro and In Vivo Binding Predictions
The Characterization of Twenty Sequenced Human Genomes
Alternative expression analysis by RNA sequencing
Seed mass and mast seeding enhance dispersal by a neotropical scatter-hoarding rodent
Tackling the widespread and critical impact of batch effects in high-throughput data
Genome-wide analysis of a long-term evolution experiment with {D}rosophila
Error estimation in astronomy: A guide
Ruffus: a lightweight Python library for computational pipelines
Advances in understanding cancer genomes through second-generation sequencing
MetNetGE: interactive views of biological networks and ontologies.
miRNAkey: a software for microRNA deep sequencing analysis
Polymorphic Cis- and Trans-Regulation of Human Gene Expression
Overlapping codes within protein-coding sequences
Proteinprotein interaction and pathway databases, a graphical review
Origin of the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum in gorillas
Google Scholar's Dramatic Coverage Improvement Five Years after Debut
A general mechanism for network-dosage compensation in gene circuits.
Optical Clocks and Relativity
Reaction-Diffusion Model as a Framework for Understanding Biological Pattern Formation
Literature Mining for the Discovery of Hidden Connections between Drugs, Genes and Diseases
Quantitative comparison of genome-wide DNA methylation mapping technologies
Resonant and crossover phenomena in a multiband superconductor tuning the chemical potential near a band edge
SolexaQA: At-a-glance quality assessment of Illumina second-generation sequencing data.
The structural and content aspects of abstracts versus bodies of full text journal articles are different.
High Frequency of Horizontal Gene Transfer in the Oceans
Evidence for a Collective Intelligence Factor in the Performance of Human Groups
A New Look At The Path Integral Of Quantum Mechanics
Long Noncoding RNAs with Enhancer-like Function in Human Cells
Systematic Protein Location Mapping Reveals Five Principal Chromatin Types in Drosophila Cells
Highly Efficient Reprogramming to Pluripotency and Directed Differentiation of Human Cells with Synthetic Modified mRNA.
Resequencing of 200 human exomes identifies an excess of low-frequency non-synonymous coding variants
Determining the specificity of proteinDNA interactions
Dynamic interaction networks in a hierarchically organized tissue.
Automatic, context-specific generation of Gene Ontology slims.
Improved variant discovery through local re-alignment of short-read next-generation sequencing data using SRMA
Selection upon Genome Architecture: Conservation of Functional Neighborhoods with Changing Genes
Optimal Diet Breadth Theory as a Model to Explain Variability in Amazonian Hunting
Mirmecofilia: las plantas con ejrcito propio
Bushmeat and the Fate of Trees with Seeds Dispersed by Large Primates in a Lowland Rain Forest in Western Amazonia
Integrated systematic reevaluation of the Amazonian genus Scolomys (Rodentia: Sigmodontinae)
Distribution of Plants with Extrofloral Nectaries and Ants at Two Elevations in Jamaica
Incorporating Animal Behavior into Seed Dispersal Models: Implications for Seed Shadows
Roost Fidelity and Fission-Fusion Dynamics of White-Striped Free-Tailed Bats (Tadarida Australis)
Roost Selection by Forest-Living Female Big Brown Bats (Eptesicus fuscus)
Experimental Investigations into the Mineral Nutrition of Several Grass Species: IV. Nitrogen Level
De novo assembly and analysis of RNA-seq data
Spontaneous emergence of social influence in online systems
Epigenetic modifications and human disease
Publish your computer code: it is good enough
Computational science: ...Error
Geoseq: a tool for dissecting deep-sequencing datasets
Data structures and compression algorithms for high-throughput sequencing technologies
Atomic-Level Characterization of the Structural Dynamics of Proteins
Twitter mood predicts the stock market
Comparing de novo assemblers for 454 transcriptome data
Statistical analysis strategies for association studies involving rare variants
Names are key to the big new biology
The peculiar velocity field: constraining the tilt of the Universe
Non-synonymous and synonymous coding SNPs show similar likelihood and effect size of human disease association.
Conflicts of Interest at Medical Journals: The Influence of Industry-Supported Randomised Trials on Journal Impact Factors and Revenue  Cohort Study
A map of human genome variation from population-scale sequencing
The patterns and dynamics of genomic instability in metastatic pancreatic cancer
Distant metastasis occurs late during the genetic evolution of pancreatic cancer
Whole-genome sequencing and comprehensive variant analysis of a Japanese individual using massively parallel sequencing
Diversity of human copy number variation and multicopy genes.
Dindel: Accurate indel calls from short-read data.
Simultaneous Falsification of LCDM and Quintessence with Massive, Distant Clusters
CaGrid Workflow Toolkit: A taverna based workflow tool for cancer grid
Exploring the Universe of Protein Structures beyond the Protein Data Bank
FragSeq: transcriptome-wide RNA structure probing using high-throughput sequencing.
The Honey Bee Epigenomes: Differential Methylation of Brain DNA in Queens and Workers
Transposable element insertions have strongly affected human evolution
Experimental demonstration of information-to-energy conversion and validation of the generalized Jarzynski equality
Genetic interactions reveal the evolutionary trajectories of duplicate genes
Concentric circles in WMAP data may provide evidence of violent pre-Big-Bang activity
Analysing biological pathways in genome-wide association studies
Life is physics: evolution as a collective phenomenon far from equilibrium
Limitations of next-generation genome sequence assembly
Accurate inference of transcription factor binding from DNA sequence and chromatin accessibility data
Software that goes with the flow in systems biology.
A Bacterium That Can Grow by Using Arsenic Instead of Phosphorus
